what is win rah ?
who was the star of the 1965 broadway hit golden boy ?
what was a mae west on a world war ii battleship ?
what is the origin of the word , magic ?
how many chemical elements are there ?
what is the name of the american literary era that includes 1896 ?
what is the average salary of a paleontologist ?
what company has built more than 2 5 billion little green houses since 1935 ?
what country was mikhail gorbachev the leader of ?
name a salt lake city newspaper
what is the most common cancer ?
how do you write mla style bibliographies for an internet source ?
how many events make up the decathlon ?
what was joe namath 's first contract worth ?
who did richard nixon tender his resignation to ?
what u s state does the continental divide leave to enter canada ?
what j r r tolkien book features bilbo baggins as the central character ?
what was edward albee 's first full length play ?
what is cache memory ?
what device provided a new way to listen to music in 1963 ?
what did san francisco 's milt harper grow that measured 24 inches from tip to tip in 1974 ?
what nationality is gorbachev ?
how did the months of the year get there name ?
what building appropriately enough is depicted on the back of the 1 dollar bill ?
the orange bowl is in what city ?
what tv quiz show left the air in 1975 to the tune of vera lynn 's we 'll meet again ?
what handicraft requires you to interlace your warp and weft ?
what was the monster in spielberg 's film `` jaws '' ?
in what year did they build the berlin wall ?
what city boasts the billingsgate fishmarket ?
what is the name of the highest mountain in africa ?
what country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?
what was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
how long ago was the roe vs wade decision by the supreme court ?
how many american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
what is the current population for these countries france , spain , italy , greece , austria , germany , switzerland , the netherlands ?
what was the verdict in the 1925 trial of john t scopes ?
what is the fastest commercial automobile that can be bought in the us ?
how many bails are there in a cricket wicket ?
how many films are made by the major studios in a year ?
who is the prime minister in norway ?
what was the real name of writer ross macdonald , creator of the hero lew archer ?
what organization is the security council a part of ?
what is a fear of trees ?
what little boy and dog live in a shoe ?
who played emperor palpatine in star wars ?
what famous new york city mayor wrote the hit song , `` will you love me in december as you do in may ? ''
how many feet more than 2 is the average height of the great wall of china ?
what north american city sprouts the most parking meters ?
what does the word `` opera '' mean ?
in kafka 's metamorphosis , the hero awakes one morning to find himself turned into what ?
who sang about desmond and molly jones ?
what do the names andrew and christina mean ?
what color beans did the ancient romans refuse to eat ?
what piece of jewelry is pictured on monopoly 's luxury tax space ?
when was the bill of rights ratified ?
what is the contents of proposition 98 ?
what ill fated american general dragged a bull terrier named willie through world war ii ?
what is the immaculate conception ?
how long does it take to hike the entire appalachian trail ?
how many real fruit juices are there in a can of hawaiian punch ?
who replaced bert parks as the host of the miss america pageant ?
who was the inventor of silly putty ?
what are the top five oil producing countries in the world ?
in which state are the mark twain national forests ?
what first aid product `` helps the hurt stop hurting '' ?
what makes a clitoris sensitive ?
what is beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?
what is the abbreviation of general motors ?
what planet would you visit to see bebrenia , arcadia , and amazonis ?
how did names come about ?
who portrayed `` rosanne rosanna dana '' on the television show `` saturday night live '' ?
how is bubble wrap made ?
kosovo is a province of what country ?
how many people are there in the world ?
what 's the oldest capital city in the americas ?
who graced the airwaves with such pearls as `` do ya lo o ove me ? get naked , baby ! '' ?
what college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
where did king francis i hang the `` mona lisa '' when he owned it ?
where does buzz aldrin want to build a permanent , manned space station ?
what english queen had seventeen children ?
what is the origin of `` jiggy '' as in getting jiggy with it ?
what are `` inkhorn terms '' ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
who is the mayor of marbella ?
what bay sparkles next to miami , florida ?
who was lacan ?
what frenchman claimed the following ? if god did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him ''
what russian master spy lived in the u s under the name emil goldfus ?
what is the website for the usa journal ?
how do you make a paintball ?
what kind of flowers does detective nero wolfe raise ?
what is the largest natural lake in pennsylvania ?
who is the leading competitor of trans union company ?
what is the occupation of nicholas cage ?
what brand of jeans did calvin klein admit in a 1984 interview he felt more comfortable wearing ?
what was the name of the american ship sunk by a mine in havana harbor , causing the spanish american war ?
what are kythnos , siphnos , seriphos and mykonos ?
when was the first flush toilet invented ?
how did jayne mansfield die ?
what country 's flag is field green ?
what daughter of henry viii and anne boleyn became queen of england ?
what is the medical condition of hypertension ?
how does a hurricane form ?
what is the oldest building in the united states ?
what james michener book is subtitled spanish travels and reflections ?
what are the two languages of malta ?
what city did the mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
what south american city has the world 's highest commercial landing field ?
what does btu mean ?
what is the pennsylvania state income tax rate ?
when was the slinky invented ?
name one of the seven wonders of the ancient world
who invented the horoscope ?
what 's the largest u s agricultural crop by weight ?
what is the temperature for cooking ?
what task does the bouvier breed of dog perform ?
what are the components of polyester ?
what is the name of the largest city in chile , south america ?
what is a fear of drinking ?
what is the half life of p 32 ?
what musical instrument did sherlock holmes play ?
who earns their money the hard way ?
how many cards is each player dealt in contract bridge ?
when mighty mouse was conceived , what was his original name ?
what are names of two old men who appear in the serial tv muppets show ?
what president was assassinated by charles j guiteau ?
how do i give a good massage ?
what month 's third weekend is the monterey jazz festival held on ?
how fast is light ?
what is the web address of the list of e mail addresses of members of the house of representatives ?
where can i get information concerning child custody files for the state of utah ?
name the organization that is presided by a security council
what is the origin of boxing day ?
what is kept in fort knox that is so valuable ?
what is the full form of com ?
where can i find a list of all the companies in america that offer a direct stock purchase plan ?
what city does mccarren airport serve ?
where do rocks come from ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
what is meant by the term `` yield to maturity '' in reference to bonds ?
who lived on the shores of the gitchee gumee river ?
who was named admiral of the ocean seas and viceroy and governor general of all the islands he might discover , and also granted 10 ? ? of all profits of his voyage
what is a fear of being cold ?
what is the real name of the singer , madonna ?
what is a fear of strong light ?
what country is the origin of the band the creeps ?
who made the first airplane that could fly ?
what is the death toll of people dying from tuberculosis ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy craft ?
what is commonly considered the fifth sense ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
who is the leader of india ?
how many oceans are there and name them ?
what presidential administration challenged americans to explore the new frontier ?
what soap was touted as being `` for people who like people '' ?
what grand slam golf tournament wasn 't held between 1940 and 1945 ?
who is the head of the world bank ?
how much pizza do americans eat in a day ?
what exactly is radiation ?
who was jinnah ?
where is rider college located ?
what kind of car did janis joplin ask the lord to buy her ?
who is the voyager project manager ?
in what year was gandhi assassinated ?
what is ethology ?
what is the best internet business to go into ?
who played the part of the godfather in the movie , ` the godfather ' ?
what is doegs ?
how has tv affected our society ?
who was secretary of state during the nixon administration ?
who sought to create the great society ?
how deep is a fathom ?
which country is australia 's largest export market ?
what college produced the most winning super bowl quarterbacks ?
what is the amish religion ?
what is the meaning of caliente , in english , ?
what is object oriented design ?
what is god ?
what country are you visiting if you land at president duvalier airport ?
how is water treated to make it safe to drink ?
what magazine paid 5 , 000 for an eight millimeter film of john f kennedy 's assassination ?
what soft drink tells us to `` go hawaiian '' ?
what were the names of the three ships used by columbus ?
what are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?
which u s president is buried in washington , d c ?
in what year did hitler gain power of germany ?
where is the orange bowl ?
what nationality is pope john paul ii ?
what does the peugeot company manufacture ?
what is the average life expectancy of a male in ireland in 1996 ?
what 's the second biggest selling magazine in america ?
what is an arab strap ?
what country received all the nobel prizes awarded in 1976 ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
what is `` the airline built for professional travelers '' ?
at what age did rossini stop writing opera ?
what athlete makes the most money from sports merchandise sales ?
who was confucius ?
what century does captain video live in ?
how many people live in chile ?
what is a horologist ?
boxing day is celebrated on what date ?
what function does a community 's water tower serve ?
why is the grass green ?
what movie did steven spielberg direct in 1975 ?
how much of the nation 's children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
which radio stations air the jim bohannon radio talk show ?
what are some children 's rights ?
what does `` semper fidelis '' mean ?
what are the benelux countries ?
why are organ transplants more successful today ?
what english physician was born on january 18 , 1779 and went on to create two important inventions ?
how much did the iran contra investigation cost ?
when does the bible say the seasons started ?
how do i get a complete list of all the people that are living with the last name kilvington ?
what u s state has the second longest coastline ?
what scale measures earthquakes ?
what 19th century writer had a country estate on the hudson dubbed sunnyside ?
what causes an earthquake ?
when did swimming become commonplace ?
what does `` saute '' mean ?
when was florida admitted into the union ?
how many zeros are there in a trillion ?
what are the three secondary colors ?
how do i find out the exact time of a sunset for a particular day ?
what is a fear of thunder ?
how far away is the moon ?
what is `` snoogans '' ?
how many canadians emmigrate each year ?
what is the richest state in the u s ?
where is sinn fein 's headquarters ?
who is the `` queen mother '' ?
what british female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
what city is served by mccarren airport ?
what is the origin of blue for boys and pink for girls ?
what does caliente translate to in english ?
who founded the people 's temple commune ?
what kind of organization is ` last chance for animals ' ?
what is a fear of clouds ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
what morris west novel deals with russian bishop who becomes pope ?
what are the various ways in which one can measure it user satisfaction level ?
how old is bernadette peters ?
what country did king gustav v reign over from 197 to 195 ?
which of the five senses develops first ?
what is a fear of home surroundings ?
what fowl grabs the spotlight after the chinese year of the monkey ?
who advised listeners to `` see the u s a in your chevrolet '' ?
what city contains the district of hell 's kitchen ?
where can i find out the top 1 singles ?
who was jane goodall ?
what did walter huston remove to perform in the movie the treasure of the sierra madre ?
why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?
what michelangelo sculpture is in saint peter 's cathedral , basilica , ?
how do plants make food ?
what was unusual about alexandra 's appearance in josie and the pussycats ?
where is the henry ford museum ?
how did shipyard inspector james j kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?
what state in the united states covers the largest area ?
who is always trying to get the rent from andy capp ?
name one of the major gods of hinduism
what non conformist abstract painter was dubbed jack the dripper by time ?
who kept the most famous diary in the english language ?
what were the last names of gangsters bonnie and clyde ?
when did president kennedy , lee harvey oswald , and jack ruby all die ?
in what year did the us marine corps adopt the motto `` semper fidelis '' ?
what is the difference between khaki and chino ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
name li 'l abner 's favorite indian drink
how many years old is benny carter ?
how many hummingbird eggs could fit in one ostrich egg ?
what year did montana become a state ?
what is a fear of food ?
what 's the most popular contact lens color ?
what country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
where are 8 of the 10 highest mountains in the world ?
which way do you turn your bic to increase the flame clockwise or counterclockwise ?
how many thousands of students attend the university of massachusetts ?
what cathedral was thomas becket murdered in ?
what was the christian name of the title character in our miss brooks ?
who tramped through florida looking for the fountain of youth ?
what film was jude law in ?
name the men 's cologne that is associated with the sea
what is the difference between hair and fur ?
what state is the filenes store located in ?
how many people did the united nations commit to help restore order and distribute humanitarian relief in somalia in september 1992 ?
which mayonnaise refers to itself as `` real '' mayonnaise ?
what is the tallest mountain ?
what year was the naacp founded ?
what erica jong novel deals with isadora wing 's fear ?
what war did the wanna go home riots occur after ?
who is robin williams ?
who was jean nicolet ?
from what cause does tuberculosis stem ?
what substance did joseph priestley name for its ability to erase pencil marks ?
what do englishmen weigh themselves in ?
what is the milky way ?
when did iraqi troops invade kuwait ?
how is the word ` qigong ' pronounced ?
what does the name ` alexandra ' mean ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what terror of the sea did johnny horton sing about ?
what city was president william mckinley shot in ?
what is a fear of shadows ?
what does the abbreviation ioc stand for ?
which is the most used computer program ?
who said `` the victor will never be asked if he told the truth '' ?
how large is the arctic refuge to preserve unique wildlife and wilderness value on alaska 's north coast ?
how tall is prince charles ?
what is the weakest bone in the body ?
when was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?
what is the starting salary for beginning lawyers ?
what money was used here ?
why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
what is the origin of the term `` the brooklyn side '' in bowling ?
what professional cricketer 's son wrote the war of the worlds in 1898 ?
what nationality was jackson pollock ?
what is the viking prince 's first name ?
what is osmosis ?
what is a term for behavior , appearance , or expression that violates the accepted standards of sexual morality ?
what spanish artist painted crucifixion ?
how much in miles is a ten k run ?
where is rider college ?
who was the first holy roman emperor ?
how do you fix squeaky floors ?
how can i find a phone number of someone if i only know their email address ?
where is kings canyon ?
who was president of afghanistan in 1994 ?
what african country is governed from ouagadougou ?
what u s state borders illinois to the north ?
what is the recipe or formula for coca cola ?
what did n't rocky marciano do in his pro boxing career ?
what is diabetes ?
what are the different approaches of systems analysis ?
what was the nickname of german flying ace manfred von richthofen ?
how many questions do you have on your database ?
what is hydroelectricity ?
what is a fear of water ?
how many grammys did michael jackson win in 1983 ?
who patented the first phonograph ?
who invented the road traffic cone ?
who portrayed the title character in the film the day of the jackal ?
what year did degas create the bronze sculpture , `` fourth position front ? ''
in sinclair lewis ' `` main street , '' what was the name of the typical american town ?
how many years of schooling after highschool does it take to become a neurosurgeon ?
where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
how many miles is it from london , england to plymouth , england ?
how many times in his 16 year national basketball associaton career was john havlicek a member of the all star team ?
what product is for kids , and not for silly rabbits ?
what 's the most powerful country in the world ?
what jockey won 17 triple crown races ?
what did andy hardy 's father do for a living ?
name a south african diamond producer ?
what is a disaccharide ?
who wrote the book , `` huckleberry finn '' ?
what tv character sired a horse named thunder ?
what was the average life expectancy during the stone age ?
what is a fear of sinning ?
what shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?
who was the only president to serve two nonconsecutive terms ?
what two baseball players make up the battery ?
where does barney rubble go to work after he drops fred off in the `` flintstones '' cartoon series ?
how do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
where can i find info on alexander mackenzie ?
what nuclear powered russian submarine sank in the norwegian sea on april 7 , 1989 ?
what 's the best way to lose the flab under your chin and around your face ?
which company that manufactures video game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?
what do pointed letters mean to a handwriting analyst ?
who lives at 24 sussex drive , ottawa ?
who was the democratic nominee in the american presidential election ?
how can you tell if someone is lying ?
why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
how many votes in congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with japan ?
what kind of dog is scooby doo ?
what garment was named for bradley , voorhees and day ?
what is the cause of endangered species ?
what italian city of 155 were leonardo da vinci , michaelangelo , and machiavelli all working in ?
who was picasso ?
who plays shortstop for charlie brown 's baseball team ?
what color eyes are most sensitive to light ?
what baseball team was routinely called `` dem bums '' by its frustrated fans ?
who created dennis the menace ?
what according to the kinsey institute , is the sexual preference of four percent of american males ?
who shot lee harvey oswald ?
what doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
where was the first restaurant ?
what judith rossner novel was made into a film starring diane keaton ?
how many south american countries have the letter z in their names ?
what is the origin of u s army sergeant 's stripes ?
what shakespearean play featured shylock ?
what mountains lie between the arkansas and missouri rivers ?
where does the u s rank among world countries in area ?
who was the first governor of west virginia ?
who makes the `` die hard '' car battery ?
in what u s state was the first woman governor elected ?
what is time ?
what 's the second most used vowel in english ?
what is her profession ?
in which tennessee williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?
when did nixon visit china ?
who did dita beard work for ?
what actor married john f kennedy 's sister ?
where can i find examples of legal cases about the individuals with disabilities education act ?
in the miller lite tv commercial , who is the creature ?
why is the word `` abbreviation '' so long ?
how do you say i love you in spanish ?
what is lmds ?
what does the acronym cpr mean ?
which is the only dick tracy villain to appear three times ?
what are bellworts ?
which organization is the security council a part of ?
what are the cleveland indians also called ?
what room did w c fields keep his library in ?
how does the car in `` christine '' become possessed ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what company 's logo is a `` w '' in a circle ?
why are the ears your center of balance ?
what are some translations of the phrase `` thank you '' ?
where can i find a case on americans with disabilities act of 199 ?
what is the capital of seattle ?
what happened on january 15 , 1969 ?
what sport features slotbacks , tailbacks , and touchbacks ?
what is power steering ?
what is average salary of restaurant manager in united states ?
what is a certified nurse midwife ?
what shape shifting menace did rom come to earth to fight ?
what does the number `` 5 '' stand for on fubu clothing ?
which doonesbury character was likely to turn into a werewolf ?
what can i do to get into an ivy league school ?
what mythical figure carries an hourglass and a scythe ?
what mustachioed comedian portrayed frankie in north to alaska ?
what are the poconos ?
how does an abacus work ?
what does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?
how was the aclu formed ?
what drink is formed of tequila , orange juice and galliano ?
what is the name of the ` female ' counterpart to el nino , which results in cooling temperatures and very dry weather ?
what building are british monarchs crowned in ?
what is the meaning of thalassemia ?
who portrayed renaud in casablanca ?
what canal does the thatcher ferry bridge span ?
why are the u s presidential elections held in november ?
on what avenue is the original saks department store located ?
what is the only gland in humans that can regenerate itself ?
how did the great depression affect japan 's history ?
what is the origin of u s army sergeant 's stripes ?
what wrestling star became `` the incredible hulk '' ?
how do i keep cats out of my flower garden for good ?
how many people in america snore ?
what animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?
what was the name of the television show , starring karl madsen , that had san francisco in the title ?
what actor and actress have made the most movies ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of which medium ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
what is the name of the jewish alphabet ?
how many questions are on this thing ?
how does the speed the magnet spins in a generator affect the output of the generator ?
what cherokee indian gave his name to a tree ?
in order from the top , the four stripes on a can of pepsi are what colors ?
what was george washington afraid of ?
how many more weeks of winter are there if a ground hog sees his shadow ?
what were baffin , frobisher and franklin looking for ?
what country in latin america is the largest one ?
how much will gas be taxed in california by the year 2000 ?
who was the only person convicted in the my lai massacre ?
which language has the most words ?
what is the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what inescapable purveyor of background music celebrated its 5th anniversary in july , 1984 ?
when did the last americans leave vietnam ?
which type of soda has the greatest amount of caffeine ?
what does e g stand for ?
what is the name of the pop singer whose song became the theme song for a brand of catsup ?
what color is the eight ball in pocket billiards ?
which of the following celebrities started his show biz career as a disc jockey ?
how many horses died during the civil war ?
name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun ''
what irwin allen bomb has richard widmark saying he 'll be `` the first officer in history to get his butt kicked by a mess of bugs ! '' ?
what 's the most abundant element in the sun ?
what robert louis stevenson novel was inspired by deacon william brodie , a cabinetmaker by day and burglar by night ?
what state is niagara falls located in ?
what day was pearl harbor attacked in 1942 ?
how does the chain of command work inside an us army apache helicopter ?
what country owns corsica ?
why did the globe theatre burn down ?
what are other ways of getting stretch marks besides pregnancy , weight loss , and weight lifting ?
what movie told of anna anderson 's claim to be a russian czar 's daughter ?
what is the population of ohio ?
when does the average teenager first have intercourse ?
what cocktail inspired john doxat to write the book stirred not shaken ?
what apostle is taylor caldwell 's great lion of god ?
what country imposed the berlin blockade in 1948 ?
what was originally defined as one 1 millionth of the distance from the equator to the pole ?
what are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
what is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?
what colorado city owns its own glacier ?
name the person who burst through the screen in the lite beer commercials
what age is benny carter ?
what does a pedometer measure ?
what school does tom attend in tom brown 's school days ?
who portrayed prewett in from here to eternity ?
approximately how much does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
when is the thai new year ?
where is romania located ?
what are the diseases that can be cured by black cumin ?
what did shostakovich write for rostropovich ?
what were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?
what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
what u s state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
name a film that has won the golden bear in the berlin film festival ?
what rum is so `` mixable '' it is a one brand bar ?
what does the river seine empty into ?
what is the belt of low pressure around the equator called ?
what college did joe namath play football for ?
what california governor said `` inaction may be the highest form of action '' ?
how many astronauts manned each project mercury flight ?
how do clouds form ?
when was nostradamus born ?
what is the c programming language ?
what 's the most common street name in america ?
why are there braille things on the atm machines that people drive through ?
what 's the meaning of uol ?
what former major league left handed baseball pitcher was known as `` space man '' ?
what is a wart ?
how do birds find their way back to the same place every year ?
who is the fastest guitarist ?
how does color affect a person psychologically ?
where is glasgow ?
what 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
who was buffalo bill ?
how do i start a web based business ?
what is the per capita income of colombia , south america , ?
stuart hamblen is considered to be the first singing cowboy of what ?
how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
how is the election of a new pope announced to the world ?
where can i find the best free evidence for debate about russia ?
what is the name of the song that dracula plays on the organ ?
when is boxing day ?
what are some mythology websites ?
what north american city would you visit to see cleopatra 's needle ?
what is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out ?
where can i buy a hat like the kind jay kay from jamiroquai wears ?
what group included abbey hoffman , jerry rubin , and tom hayden ?
what is the number of american soldiers deployed to south korea ?
who was chief engineer of the starship enterprise ?
how big is our galaxy in diameter ?
what u s state is fort knox in ?
where does the opera singer ileana cotrubas come from ?
who was the secretary of war in the civil war during the battle of gettysburg ?
what are the three most successful companies of our time ?
what famed clown appeared on an early howdy doody show and insisted that clarabell be made up as a real clown ?
how many web servers are there ?
what is the alphabet for latin ?
what year was the first automobile manufactured ?
why do many native american students not complete college ?
what happens to used motor oil ?
what is the best selling television soundtrack of all time ?
what british general surrendered to the colonial army at saratoga ?
name a novel written by john steinbeck
when did the `` star spangled banner '' become the national anthem ?
what are the top ten all time money making nfl teams ?
what 's the name of pittsburgh 's baseball team ?
where did george of the jungle live ?
what materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
what is the `` fourth dimension '' ?
what country 's royal house is bourbon parma ?
how many lakes are there on the earth ?
how is saline used in medicine ?
what broadway musical was inspired by cervantes 's don quixote ?
where did he get the title ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges in the continental united states ?
what ocean is the largest in the world ?
how much money was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
how do you do a bibliography page ?
how many cards are dealt to each player in gin rummy ?
what magazine paid ernest hemingway 15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?
who is the mathematician that won the noble prize for literature in 1950 ?
in what state was the first co educational college established
what british tv series inspired all in the family ?
how do you box train a cat ?
what is the s p 500 used for ?
what do manatees eat ?
who was president cleveland 's wife ?
what war added jeep and quisling to the english language ?
what is the correct way to use `` may '' vs `` might '' ?
what president 's favorite biblical quotation was `` come now , and let us reason together ''
how many people have been captain america ?
what six foot temperance advocate wielded her hatchet on saloons ?
what happened to pompeii ?
where is the rose bowl played ?
what month did the edmund fitzgerald sink ?
what is the jewish bible called ?
what is the origin of the typing practice sentence `` now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their country '' ?
who invented the lawnmower ?
what children 's tale contains the line `` come , cinderslut , and hold this skein of wool for me '' ?
what day is august 13 , 1971 ?
what is pittsburgh 's baseball team called ?
which infectious disease kills the most people worldwide ?
who is the antichrist ?
what son of a 15 year old mexican girl and a half irish father became the world 's most famous greek ?
what year did apartheid start ?
what is a pig in a poke ?
what does the name gina mean ?
how do vending machines tell if your dollar is a 1 or a 5 ?
name the country which honecker lived in
where do the adventures of `` the swiss family robinson '' take place ?
who was the first person inducted into the u s swimming hall of fame ?
what is the world 's largest distilling company ?
how many fig newtons are there to the pound ?
why was muhammad ali stripped of his title and barred from boxing in 1967 ?
how you can raise your iq ?
what is the highest number of home runs on record for any one game ?
what do the letters ce stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
what was cash conscious colonel edwin l drake the first to drill ?
who manufactures the software , `` photoshop '' ?
where can i find scientific data , `` research papers , '' on textile engineering ?
who was the charlie perfume woman ?
who portrayed sherlock holmes in 14 films between 1939 and 1946 ?
what was mao 's second name ?
who played the father on `` charles in charge '' ?
what is the islamic equivalent of the red cross ?
how do you convert foot pounds to foot inches ?
what is the average weight for a man ?
who was the inventor of the stove ?
what is the most common boy 's or girl 's name ?
aspartame is also called what ?
what type of betting is used in horse racing ?
what is the origin of the surname of braun ?
what does ekg stand for ?
cpr is the abbreviation for what ?
where does the tennis star stefan edberg come from ?
what causes panic attacks ?
how would someone go about becoming an organ donor ?
what does sids stand for ?
why do some clothing labels say `` use a nonchlorine bleach '' ?
what international amateur sports spectacle was first telecast in 1956 ?
who invented the wonderbra ?
what does a w of root beer fame stand for ?
where is guam ?
the kentucky horse park is close to which american city ?
what businesses in alaska were affected by the exxon valdez oil spill ?
what kinds of animals are in cambodia ?
name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by nancy and chuck
what body of water does the yukon river empty into ?
how many types of dogs ' tails are there three
what is a jellicle cat ?
how long should a person wash their hands before they are clean ?
what is a jake brake ?
what is a fear of passing high objects ?
what is the former name of zimbabwe ?
what are the first and last letters of the greek alphabet ?
who was the captain of the tanker , exxon valdez , involved in the oil spill in prince william sound , alaska , 1989 ?
where did the real st nicholas live ?
how do i sing like elvis presley ?
what was the filling in the first golf balls ?
how many people died when the estonia sank in 1994 ?
what penalty space lies between baltic avenue and reading railroad on a monopoly board ?
what continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a budweiser label ?
which is the best opening move in chess ?
what kind of women gave sigmund freud erotic dreams ?
who made the rotary engine automobile ?
what asian country has a bill of rights for cows ?
what city is often called the insurance capital of the world ?
how many eyes does a bat have ?
what are the top 5 fiction books of all time ?
what are the dimensions of an ice hockey goal ?
what religion has the most members ?
give a reason for american indians oftentimes dropping out of school
what character in the beverly hillbillies has the given names daisy moses ?
who was red grange ?
what is glass made of ?
what was the target rate for m3 growth in 1992 ?
what actor , who had greatest fame on tv , became the father of triplets ?
what 's the longest river in canada ?
who was the author of the novel `` far from the madding crowd '' ?
what were babe ruth 's christian names ?
name the two mystical ravens odin has at his command
what is the longest word in the english language ?
what did mr magoo flog on tv for general electric ?
how successful is arometherapy ?
what new orleans d a claimed `` my staff and i solved the assassination weeks ago '' ?
what shakespeare play opens with the line `` now is the winter of our discontent '' ?
who killed jfk ?
what boris pasternak book sold 5 , 0 copies to become the fiction best seller of 1958 ?
who is stephen hawking ?
why can 't women serve in the navy on board submarines ?
in which year was the cartoon character chilly willy created ?
what sport is played on the largest field ?
what stephen king novel is set in a graveyard for pets ?
what two countries share the khyber pass ?
on which dates does the running of the bulls occur in pamplona , spain ?
what was the long march in china ?
what are geckos ?
where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?
what 's the claim to fame of night watchman frank wills ?
who produces spumante ?
who designed london bridge ?
how much money can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what is celebrated during the week of february 21 27 ?
what pseudonym did william sydney porter use in writing the gift of the magi ?
how many colonies were involved in the american revolution ?
what is a female rabbit called ?
why does the sun shine only a short time in alaska ?
how many members of a family could be drafted in the u s military during world war ii ?
what director made one silent and one sound version of the ten commandments ?
who are the top 10 richest people in the world ?
what is the second hardest substance ?
what two countries fought the hundred years ' war ?
who were the 1974 oscar winners ?
what can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what are the four elements ?
who was the pride of the yankees ?
what is alice cooper 's real name ?
what is the definition of the scrabble word ` syzygy ' ?
who invented television ?
what disease is the second biggest killer of north americans ?
how big is the electoral college ?
where was the largest concentration camp in world war ii ?
what is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?
what 's the no 1 killer in industrialized countries ?
what weapon did the crossed slits in english castles accommodate ?
what brand of white rum is still made in cuba ?
what is april 's gemstone ?
why do people get goosebumps when they have something emotional happen to them , like when they hear a beautiful piece of music , or see something beautiful , or get aroused by someone they love ?
what is the text of the fifth amendment ?
what is a devo hat ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
what did john f kennedy consider his greatest blunder in office ?
what are birds descendents of ?
where is the world championship sled dog race held each february ?
what is plc ?
what are all the southern states of the u s ?
what is the capital of california ?
how many colonies did germany get to keep after world war i ?
what famed london criminal court was once a feudal castle ?
what do economists do ?
where was `` i have fallen , and i can 't get up '' said first ?
what two japanese cities are spelled with the letters k , o , o , t and y ?
what personality traits are capricorns said to have ?
what 's the most popular four player game of all time ?
who plays the cop in the movie `` kindergarten cop '' ?
where can i get mailing lists ?
what six words follow the line `` from a jack to a king '' ?
what african animals are known as the big five ?
what desert has the highest sand dunes ?
what is `` flintknapping '' ?
what well known tv talk show host was a lay preacher by the time he was seventeen ?
how can i give myself a french manicure ?
who is shirley maclaine ?
what does the name melissa mean ?
name the on stage character whose face was never seen
what city gained renown for its pea soup fogs ?
what are the names of jacques cousteau 's two sons ?
name the blind sculptress in love with the fantastic four 's thing
on average , how long time does it take to type a screenplay ?
how loud is thunder ?
what is a portal ?
what state was herbert hoover born in ?
what is answers com 's address ?
what are dinosaur droppings called ?
what trade did the 15th and 16th century portuguese hope to control between asia and europe ?
what was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
what does salk vaccine prevent ?
what is an aurora ?
how many people did randy craft kill ?
what is the address of the famous mexican star `` thalia '' ?
how much will the california be in the year 2000 ?
which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3 pin on the left or the right ?
how many counties are in indiana ?
which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in ventura county ?
what was the name of robert fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
what are differences between 1980 and 1990 ?
what did the chinese emperor present to the english soldier gordon in recognition of his services in quelling rebellions ?
what do i have to do to get good grades in school ?
what was the name of the protestant revolt against the supremacy of the pope ?
what do players try to do when the music stops in a game of musical chairs ?
what is a philanthropist ?
what 's the world 's longest suspension bridge ?
name the ship beany and cecil sailed
what is a fear of disease ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
what is the chemical reactivity of neon ?
how do you clean up a cache ?
what are the titles of some r rated sony playstation games ?
what did a 16th century aztec athlete get for putting a rubber ball through a ring ?
what is dtmf ?
what strait links the mediterranean sea and the atlantic ocean ?
what ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?
what famed wall supports the badaling turret ?
who is actress goldie hawn 's current actor boyfriend ?
who is the creator of `` the muppets '' ?
what is a `` node '' in computer terms ?
how does a glacier form ?
how do movie blues screens work ?
what is the mean income of the top 10 , top 5 , and top 1 ?
what year was the setting for american graffiti ?
what is troilism ?
what city does orly airport serve ?
what is recruitment interview technique ?
how many hands does bjorn borg use when hitting his forehand ?
what is srpska krajina ?
what are the 7 principles of learning from the institute for research on learning , irl ?
what does nn o `` mean when used as a prefix in irish surnames ?
why is chicago named chicago ?
what is limbo ?
what 's a craps player called ?
what is toulmin logic ?
what is a fear of everything ?
how many bottles of wine were prisoners in the bastille allowed per day ?
who held the endurance record for women pilots in 1929 ?
what book does holden caulfield appear in ?
what is the difference between the koran and the bible ?
what is the location of mccarren airport ?
where can i find the schematics to the windshield wiper mechanism ?
what is a word whose letters can be rearranged to form a different word ?
what does a tarantula eat ?
how do they raise the cranes when building high rise buildings ?
who was the most famous food editor of the new york times ?
what president lived at 219 north delaware street , independence , missouri ?
what is the abbreviation for micro ?
how did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
what bowl game began as an east west contest between michigan and stanford in 192 ?
what is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which british troops killed over 3 unarmed indian protestors ?
what well known actor is the father of star alan alda ?
who won two gold medals in skiing in the olympic games in calgary ?
what is the population of the united states ?
what two vegetables are combined in succotash ?
why doesn 't www answers com have any answers to my questions ?
what is the weight of air ?
what two major world religions began in india ?
what is smartnet ?
when was the g7 group of nations formed ?
what month , date , and year did charles i die ?
what country has problems with hooligans ?
what tennis term is said to come from the french word for egg ?
what animal has killed the most people ?
what river runs through liverpool ?
what 's the name of the tokyo stock exchange ?
what book is subtitled the preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life ?
what is the origin of the atom ?
by how much will the california state gas tax rise by the year 2000 ?
what don mclean song laments the day buddy holly died ?
how many people hike ?
how do i get another city 's newspaper ?
what layer of the atmosphere contains most of the ozone layer ?
how many people did randy craft murder ?
what horse did zorro ride ?
what color is `` ash '' ?
what does elysium mean ?
which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?
who is the current un secretary general ?
what 's the most popular form of bridge ?
what texas city got its name from the spanish for `` yellow '' ?
what color is most often used to symbolize truth ?
who are the presidents of mexico and indonesia ?
what does the term glory hole mean ?
what relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat bear ?
what southeast asian country has the wang river joining the ping river at tak ?
what city is served by tempelhol airport ?
what film did lee marvin win the 1965 best actor oscar for ?
what is object oriented design ?
what is svhs ?
who shot and killed himself while painting wheatfield with crows ?
what city was john f kennedy nominated for president in ?
what mountain range extends from the gulf of st lawrence to alabama ?
the iraqis launched their attack on kuwait on what day ?
what is a movie that kevin costner made about sioux indians ?
what english explorer discovered and named virginia ?
how many varieties of twins are there ?
who seized power from milton obote in 1971 ?
where did the wright brothers make their first flight ?
what is the lens behind the iris in the eye called ?
how do you measure the heat of the sun ?
what two south american countries do n't border brazil ?
what state produces the best lobster to eat ?
what sport features snatches and clean jerks ?
what country is located at 13 degrees north latitude and 10 degrees east longitude ?
what does seccession mean ?
what kind of education would you need to become an athletic trainer for the nfl ?
how do you address a chinese person ?
what common livestock have the greatest variety of breeds ?
what cocktail do you concoct with whisky and sweet vermouth ?
what nantucket shipwreck killed more divers exploring it than the 52 people it sank with ?
what does the name `` sabrina '' mean ?
what country was erich honecker the leader of ?
who founded the unification church ?
what country did the ancient romans refer to as hibernia ?
who does shakespeare 's antonio borrow 3 , 0 ducats from ?
what u s president showed a fondness for munching on bee pollen bars ?
why was the zipper invented ?
what world war i battle saw 6 , 0 troops killed in one day ?
who portrayed fatman in the television show , `` jake and the fatman '' ?
what character did tex avery first create upon arriving at mgm ?
what country other than germany invaded poland in september 1939 ?
what cbs soap opera was interrupted by the bulletin of john f kennedy 's assassination ?
who was the only u s president to wear a nazi uniform ?
when was the first practical commercial typewriter marketed ?
what lawyer won the largest divorce settlement , 85 million , in u s history for sheika dena al farri ?
where is the actress , marion davies , buried ?
where did the japanese imperial forces surrender to end wwii ?
what are the major differences in the catholic and methodist religions ?
where can stocks be traded on line ?
what arch can you see from the place de la concorde ?
what is the chemical reactivity of helium ?
what can i use to remove the stubborn gummed labels from some diskettes ?
who were the head writers for the smothers brothers comedy hour ?
what is the name of the american swimmer who won seven gold medals in the 1972 olympics ?
how do you do a topic outline ?
what 's a male witch called ?
what do river otters eat ?
why do men snore ?
when was hurricane hugo ?
what u s university boasts the largest library ?
what is the formula to calculate pi ?
which of many numbered vats of scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?
why were red m ms discontinued then brought back ?
when did the chernobyl nuclear accident occur ?
how many emperors were there in the roman empire ?
mccarren airport is located in what city ?
what city in florida is sea world in ?
where did sarge steel get his metal hand ?
what is a fear of insanity ?
what is the average hours per months spent online by aol users ?
what information can you tell me about actor james cromwell ?
what is an annotated bibliography ?
what is the world record for the longest hair ?
what is the abbreviation of the national bureau of investigation ?
where can one find mozambique ?
what do japanese school uniforms look like ?
what is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?
where 's the bernini bristol hotel ?
what baseball player was known as charley hustle ?
how much of the silver production is manufactured by independent silversmiths ?
the second most popular sport worldwide is what ?
what `` magic '' does mandrake employ ?
what war did florence nightingale tend the troops in ?
what town was the setting for the music man ?
how many rings are there on a five zone archery target ?
name a technique widely used to detect birth defects ?
how many hostages were killed in the entebbe raid ?
what is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?
what actor dressed up as santa claus and had a once a year affair with actress shelley winters every christmas for many years ?
what does bmw stand for ?
when did gothic art and architecture flourish ?
what is an example of an actual case of using the fourteenth amendment ?
name a tiger that is extinct
what european capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?
what video game hero do some of his fans call chomper ?
why do some people have two different color eyes ?
what is the population in india ?
what are all the rivers in europe ?
what kentucky city calls itself the horse center of america ?
how many children does ray davies of the kinks have ?
why are there olives in martinis ?
what city was martin luther king jr assassinated in ?
what kind of hat does bat masterson wear ?
what is the most radioactive food ?
how much did a mcdonald 's hamburger cost in 1963 ?
who is the queen of holland ?
what player squats an average of 3 times during a baseball doubleheader ?
who is the pope ?
how is energy created ?
how did super president gain his powers on the animated series ?
how old was gene siskel ?
what is a fear of pregnancy ?
who is the prime minister of australia ?
how long does it take the milky way galaxy to make one revolution ?
what does ioc stand for ?
what product on the market is good for hiding facial scars ?
what are christopher marlowe 's and shakespeare 's literary contributions to english literature ?
name a medicine commonly used to combat aids ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what city 's theatrical district has been dubbed the roaring forties ?
where can i get a map of prussia on the internet ?
what indian tribe is f troop perpetually doing battle with ?
what are pushed and coupled in hump yards ?
what disease does katharine hepburn have that makes her voice shake ?
what is the most useful site on the internet ?
what does rca stand for ?
who wrote the secret life of walter mitty ?
who are the challengers of the unknown ?
what 1927 silent film received an international revival in 1981 ?
how many years did sleeping beauty sleep ?
how do i tie dye clothes ?
what does it take to be a hero ?
what therapy attempts to elicit the `` primal scream '' ?
define spumante
what novel did ian fleming introduce james bond in ?
how long was the tv mission of star trek 's enterprise to be ?
what is p m an abbreviation for , as in 5 p m ?
who is the father of the computer ?
what is martin luther king jr 's real birthday ?
how does a hydroelectric dam work ?
what number is at 12 o 'clock on a dartboard ?
what causes asthma ?
how do websites like yahoo and excite make money ?
when did amtrak begin operations ?
what was introduced commercially by bayer a g of leverkusen , in 1899 ?
what 's another word that means `` knows all '' ?
what are the names of the tourist attractions in reims ?
who was the supreme god of germanic religion ?
what state is mount mckinley in ?
what caused shea gould to close their l a office ?
what is hyperopia ?
what golfer has been called ohio fats and blobbo ?
what fast food is prepared with a `` secret blend of 11 herbs and spices ? ''
what is the recommended daily requirement for folic acid for pregnant women ?
what u s vice president once declared `` if you 've seen one slum , you 've seen them all '' ?
what is a glory hole ?
why do people get calluses ?
what is the `` global economy '' ?
what 's men 's par on a 455 yard golf hole ?
what south african producer had a 1988 profit of 836 million ?
what building built in 18 contains 327 miles of book shelves ?
what are values ?
how many referees work a soccer game ?
what 1966 boob tube bomb took astronauts back to prehistoric times ?
what does the statue of liberty wear on her feet ?
why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injection ?
who directed the wild bunch ?
how can a foreigner get a u s social security card ?
what is the difference between fatalism and determinism ?
what record company was formed by herb alpert and jerry moss ?
what foods contain vitamin b12 ?
what is a fear of jealousy ?
who was the first man to return to space ?
what are the words to the canadian national anthem ?
what is the origin of the word , jj
what feathered cartoon characters do yugoslavians know as vlaja , gaja , and raja ?
name an art gallery in new york
who gave abbie hoffman his first dose of lsd ?
what color are tennis balls ?
what london street claims to be the world center for men 's tailoring ?
when reading classified ads , what does eenty other stand for ?
what are the lyrics to the star spangled banner ?
who won the nobel peace prize in 1991 ?
what country has the highest per capita consumption of cheese ?
what poet wrote `` i have promises to keep , and miles to go before i sleep '' ?
what are the most common causes of death in the u s ?
who sang the song `` hooked on a feeling '' in the dancing baby episode of `` ally mcbeal '' ?
what author landed a 468 pound marlin without harness in the early 193 's ?
what south american city features the exclusive copacabana beach and ipanema ?
what kind of meat is fray bentos synonymous with ?
what constitutes an adult ?
how do i make fuel bricks from recycled newspaper ?
what is artificial intelligence ?
the lawyer who represented randy craft , what was his name ?
when did thatcher become prime minister ?
what 's the most common nickname of u s college football teams ?
what percent liked thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?
what is a fear of cold ?
what did british companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?
what does the name kelly mean ?
what does nicholas cage do for a living ?
who is john macarthur , 1767 1834 ?
what 's the mystery of the bermuda triangle ?
what is the seafaring name for the southern tip of south america ?
how can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
what is a fear of childbirth ?
name the u s senate majority leader and the speaker of the house
what is the u s location of procter gamble corporate offices ?
how many penny farthings are there on a trivial pursuit game board ?
what does inri stand for when used on jesus ' cross ?
when did fraze get his first patent for the pull tab can ?
what is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?
what was the great britain population from 1699 172 ?
what was the number of assassinations and attempts to assassinate in the u s since 1865 ?
what ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
who is charles lindbergh ?
what is the feudal system ?
what do the letters zip stand for in the phrase `` zip code '' ?
what city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the piazza san marco ?
what does saliva consist of ?
how do i start a bank ?
what democratic prankster waved the train out of the station while richard nixon spoke from the caboose ?
what 's the maximum number of clubs a golfer may use in a round ?
what boxer 's life story is titled raging bull ?
what 's the state motto of california ?
how many people watch network television ?
what does `` intractable plantar keratoma '' mean ?
who won a pulitzer prize for his novel the caine mutiny ?
what deck of cards includes the wheel of fortune , the lovers , and death ?
what non alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
what is a mathematical factor ?
where was poe born ?
how many people are taller than 7 feet ?
what d h lawrence novel was originally titled tenderness ?
what 's the singular of dice ?
what was william f cody 's better known name ?
when do mormons believe christ was born ?
what is the last name of lucy and linus from the peanut 's comic strip ?
what drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?
what number of american soldiers remain unaccounted from the vietnam war ?
what is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?
who is colin powell ?
how many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the empire state building ?
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u k ?
what is the estimated total u s whitetail deer population ?
what are the 7 wonders of the world ?
what u s state are the finger lakes in ?
how far can a man travel in outer space ?
what did fcc chairman newton minow declare tv to be on may 9 , 1961 ?
how many tiles did the space shuttle columbia lose on its second flight ?
what is habeas corpus ?
how many soldiers were involved in the last panama invasion by the united states of america ?
what is after death ?
what is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
where did the maya people live ?
name the four horsemen of the apocalypse
what interesting method was used to run the credits in the early popeye cartoons ?
who owns the st louis rams ?
what is the origin of the city `` corpus christi '' ?
what does u s s r stand for ?
who is imam hussain ben ali whom shia people believe in ?
what are the four railways in monopoly ?
what season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
what does the name shawn mean ?
what are the residents of the island of lesbos called ?
what 's the difference and advantages of selecting a super vhs vcr over plain vhs model ?
what president had never held an elected office until he was elected to the white house ?
how do i check if my modem is v 9 compatible ?
what mountain range marks the border of france and spain ?
what color , s , appear on boxes of kodak film ?
what is the student population at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
what makes popcorn pop ?
how does the nintendo `` zapper '' work ?
how much money does each player get at the beginning of the game in monopoly ?
what was mae west 's last film ?
what was the name of the horse that fell on queen elizabeth , prince albert 's wife ?
where does the santa fe trail begin and end ?
how many electoral college votes does colorado have ?
what is the most widely cultivated plant ?
what is a fear of reptiles ?
whose old london come on was `` buy my sweet lavender '' ?
what do the letters d c stand for in washington , d c ?
why are there no white lines on pro footballs ?
what war saw battles at parrot 's beak and black virgin ?
what new middle school was built in philadelphia , pennsylvania last year ?
what 's the biggest selling u s magazine aimed at a black audience ?
who was with patricia hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
what country in 1998 had the most suicides regardless of population size ?
what is a firewall ?
what did the only repealed amendment to the u s constitution deal with ?
what are the low countries ?
how does general mills manufacture cheerios ?
what board game does a `` wood pusher '' play poorly ?
who said , `` i shall return '' during world war two ?
why did the shea gould law firm leave los angeles ?
what century 's the setting for tv 's the adventures of robin hood ?
how do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?
what sign is the best love match for a horoscope sign ?
why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
what will happen when sodium is put in water ?
which kevin costner movie involves the sioux indians ?
what did dan aykroyd and john belushi quit saturday night live to become ?
how much electricity does the brain need to work ?
rotary engine cars were made by what company ?
what caribbean cult did marcus garvey originate ?
what is witch hazel ?
what is the origin of the term `` buffalo wings '' that is used as a menu item in bars across the nation for chicken wings in a spicey sauce ?
what disease is transmitted by the anopheles mosquito ?
what is britain 's possession on the chinese mainland ?
what is the filmmakers collabrative ?
why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?
what ice creams contain seaweed ?
what georgia town did scarlett o 'hara condemn as being full of pushy people ?
what 's the most popular form of gambling with women in las vegas ?
what is compaq 's mission statement ?
where did the term fireplug come from ?
what dynasty star made her 2th century fox debut in the virgin queen ?
how many stars are there in big dipper ?
what was the former residence of scottish kings in edinburgh ?
where does the song anything goes take place ?
name the four stories contained in edith wharton 's `` old new york ''
where is the bulls basketball team based ?
what are the most common elements in seawater ?
what is an example of a famous rock band from the sixties ?
what is the term for the side of the mountain that faces the prevailing winds ?
how old is the italian artist maurizio pellegrin ?
how can i look up someone 's e mail address on the internet ?
who was the first woman to run the mile in less than 4 36893 minutes ?
why is microsoft 's windows 3 software so successful ?
how many americans have hiv ?
what do italians call florence ?
how much iron is in your body ?
shea and gould closed their los angeles office for what reason ?
what kind of education do i need to become a flight attendant ?
what was einstein 's iq ?
who claimed he killed 4 , 280 buffalo as food for the crew building the kansas pacific railway ?
what country is famous for persian rugs ?
what is cunnilingus ?
who was the first person to study the stars ?
who is stein eriksen ?
who was maria theresa ?
what is the history of hot wheels cars , and how are they produced ?
what 's japan 's largest car manufacturer ?
what is capitalism according to max weber ?
who is the director of the international group called the human genome organization , hugo , that is trying to coordinate gene mapping research worldwide ?
what does the greek word polis mean , as in minneapolis ?
what company uses the unfamiliar faces of its celebrity spokespeople to promote the use of its product ?
what does warner bros call a flightless cuckoo ?
colin powell is famous for what ?
what film ends with the line `` this is mrs norman maine '' ?
what is amezaiku ?
what is a `` repeating voter '' ?
what is the largest sculpture in the world ?
how do you make panoramic sugar eggs for easter the ones with the scene inside ?
where was chop suey invented ?
what is the only substance that gives food its `` taste '' when eaten ?
how many feet high is the hurdle in front of a runner 's steeplechase water jump ?
what is considered the costliest disaster the insurance industry has ever faced ?
how many horses are there on a polo team ?
how did people respond to the idea of the first millenium ?
in what olympic games did nadia comaneci become popular ?
what is the meaning of the name ella ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
what causes canker sores in the mouth ?
what two presidents of the u s published books of poetry ?
what 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
hazmat stands for what ?
what is chromatology ?
who is the man behind the pig the man who pulls the strings and speaks for miss piggy ?
what was darth vader 's son named ?
what is a country that starts with the letter x ?
what were the achievements of richard nixon ?
name of king arthur 's sword ?
what causes the redness in your cheeks when you blush ?
who invented baseball ?
what is the best way to remove wallpaper ?
what italian leader had a lifelong fear of the evil eye ?
where must a soccer goalie stand to be permitted to handle the ball ?
what animal has the best hearing ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter b ?
what year did nylon stockings first go on sale ?
what president was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the hudson river at hyde park , new york ?
what country has the largest sheep population ?
what are all the different kinds of contraceptives ?
what is the full name of the plo ?
what do the figures represent on the easter island ?
what tv show premiered on january 15 , 1981 ?
what vladimir nabokov novel features professor humbert in love with a 12 year old girl ?
what is goldenseal ?
how many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?
what 's the third month of the gregorian calendar ?
what country boasts the most cars per mile of road ?
what new york yankee was known as the iron horse ?
what fuel do airplanes use ?
where can i get information about cystic fibrosis ?
what 's men 's par on a 455 yard golf hole ?
what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
which vietnamese terrorist is now a un delegate in doonesbury ?
why is microsoft 's windows 3 such a successful computer program ?
what disease plagued europe , africa and asia ?
what hall of fame pitcher started three world series games for the new york yankees in 1962 ?
what country are godiva chocolates from ?
what is dr ruth 's last name ?
how many people lived in nebraska in the mid 1900s ?
what is a fear of machinery ?
when were camcorders introduced in malaysia ?
what 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'the simpsons ' ?
whose cover is that of an employee of universal import and export ?
what is the average hourly rate of american workers ?
which presidents of the usa were masons ?
what 's distinctive about a palmiped 's feet ?
about how many americans are still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what basketball player is credited with 23 , 924 rebounds ?
what do the french call la manche ?
what was the first ready to eat breakfast cereal ?
which city did christian crusaders fight to recapture from the muslims ?
what 's the olympic motto ?
how many presidents have died on the 4th of july ?
what are maid rites ?
who was gerald ford 's vice president ?
what are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?
what is the literal meaning of `` d day '' ?
what did richard feynman say upon hearing he would receive the nobel prize in physics ?
what are the four most widely used languages in north america ?
what 's the term for a limestone deposit rising from the floor of a cave ?
how many seats does the batmobile sport ?
what plant has the largest seed ?
in which year was new zealand excluded from the anzus alliance ?
how long does it take sunlight to reach earth ?
what are bear and bull markets ?
what is the weather like on the moon ?
where is the biggest bell ?
what is the lowest level of the american judiciary ?
in what year was the berlin wall erected ?
who won the 1968 california democratic primary ?
what effects do nitrates have on the environment ?
what color are school buses ?
what is the origin of the term `` blue moon , '' and how often do they occur ?
what is the name of the family circus 's dog ?
how much is a canadian 1967 twenty dollar gold coin worth ?
what daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the usa '' ?
what famous comedian recently tried without success to revive the play ?
who invented silly putty ?
how much would it cost to purchase a 2 foot square party tent , with sides , ?
what tv series featured neal , a martini drinking st bernard ?
when were the olympic games in which nadia comaneci became popular played ?
what line of luggage is named after a famous american flier ?
in what city does maurizio pellegrin now live ?
who penned `` neither a borrower nor a lender be '' ?
what color flies closest to the staff on belgium 's flag ?
what 's the tallest building in new york city ?
which oil company almost picked a word that meant `` stalled car '' in japanese as its new international name ?
what state has the longest great lakes shoreline ?
what is the principal river of ireland ?
what is a fear of punishment ?
how long after intercourse does it take to find out if you are pregnant ?
what wild and crazy guy wrote a book called cruel shoes ?
how do you make a computer chip ?
what company started out making pies , and wound up manufacturing plastic throwing toys ?
what is the origin of the word trigonometry ?
what is proposition 98 about ?
what island group is guadalcanal a part of ?
what type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?
who awarded the flying fickle finger of fate ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?
where did freidreich wilhelm ludwig leichhardt , prussian born explorer , go to school ?
where is the bridge over the river kwai ?
what 's the nearest star to earth ?
name the three races unleashed by the celestials in marvel comics
what tv talk show host lends his name to a line of men 's clothing ?
name a film in which jude law acted
where are the headquarters of eli lilly ?
what english word comes from the old french covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
who is the president of pergament ?
what was archy , and mehitabel ?
what five cards make up a perfect cribbage hand ?
the orange bowl is located in what city ?
what two animals are specifically mentioned as being in noah 's ark ?
where is windsor castle ?
what disease did august von wassermann develop a specific test for in 196 ?
what was the first u s based team in the nhl ?
where in the bible does it tell about jesus christ 's brothers and sisters ?
what is the main application of sodium hydrosulfite ?
where could i go to take a ride on a steam locomotive ?
what is the origin of the word `` mind '' ?
what four forms does gold occur in ?
who was the first elected mayor of washington , d c ?
who liberated 19th century sicily and naples ?
what trophy is awarded to the winners of the super bowl ?
name of scholar on whose literal translations from the chinese and japanese ezra pound depended ?
what movie tour of the roman empire features the admonition `` row well and live '' ?
what was the first lifesaver flavor ?
where do lobsters like to live ?
what is the tallest building in japan ?
how long does it take different materials to decompose ?
what is the meaning of jesus ?
what general direction does the journey in around the world in 80 days proceed in ?
what game 's board shows the territories of irkutsk , yakutsk and kamchatka ?
what is cabarnet sauvignon ?
what 's the american dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the u k ?
which beatles disc cover honors the rolling stones ?
what anesthetic did queen victoria allow to be used for the birth of her seventh child , in 1853 ?
why do movie and tv stars get paid so much ?
what caused the death of bob marley ?
who won the 1967 academy award for best actor ?
what are fingernails made of ?
what was mao , the chinese leader 's , full name ?
how much was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
how many months does a normal human pregnancy last ?
who won world war ii ?
what u s state has the most blondes ?
what city is sometimes called the athens of switzerland ?
what united states president had dreamed that he was assassinated ?
what is goulash ?
what are `` darning needles '' and `` horse stingers '' better known as ?
how many languages are there in the world ?
when was microsoft established ?
which college did dikembe mutombo attend ?
when is president nixon 's birthday ?
what is the capital of burkina faso ?
how long is camptown racetrack ?
what does the abbreviation aids stand for ?
how does marijuana lead to other drugs ?
what is the dot on an the letter i called ?
what animal received royal assent as an emblem of canada on march 24 , 1975 ?
what barroom judge called himself the law west of the pecos ?
how can sql queries be improved ?
how tall is the giraffe ?
at christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?
what letter appears on the cold water tap in spain ?
what should the oven be set at for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what is the origin of the ethnic category `` caucasian '' ?
what are all the southern states of the united states ?
when did the berlin wall go up ?
how did the war of 1812 affect delaware ?
what famous comic strip character died of acne ?
what does the e stand for in the equation e mc2 ?
how can i enforce new rules to a group of youngsters who have been allowed to do as they please
where is the keck telescope ?
who is the best known villain of the 165 gunpowder plot ?
what state 's home to the buffalo bill historical center ?
what geological time do we live in ?
what tv game show once saw a contestant admit to picking his toes in the shower ?
which mammal lives , breeds , eats , and sleeps underground ?
what is the average age of a member of the team that worked on the manhatten project ?
what date did man first land on the moon ?
what did delilah do to samson 's hair ?
what stringed weapon fires a bolt ?
what are equity securities ?
what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?
what 's the hungarian word for pepper ?
who invented the game bowling ?
which of the following rock 'n roll stars has a `` star '' on hollywood boulevard ?
what volcano showers ash on sicily ?
when was christ born ?
how many beatles ' records went 1 ?
what country 's national passenger rail system is called via ?
what engineer invented the pull tab can ?
how can i get a cct diagram ?
what brand number graces the black label of a bottle of jack daniel 's ?
what is the spectrum of a sine wave ?
how many flavors does baskin robbins offer ?
what food did marco polo introduce into italy from the court of kubla khan ?
what is the geographical center of the us including alaska and hawaii ?
name dick tracy 's two children
what three colors are on the french flag ?
who was the first black golfer to tee off in the masters ?
what two countries contain sierra nevada mountains ?
how long was the oj simpson trial ?
how many boys play the game in winslow homer 's 1872 painting snap the whip ?
how high is the city of denver ?
what color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?
what does the word laser mean ?
what is the largest island in the mediterranean sea ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
who invented the electric guitar ?
what organization 's offices were broken into at watergate in 1972 ?
what is the origin of music ?
how does a bill become law ?
what is the definition of a cascade ?
who was the first woman golfer to earn a million ?
where can i find information on the narragansett indians and other tribes in rhode island ?
what 's the only color johnny cash wears on stage ?
for what reason did the shea gould law firm close their l a office ?
how does james bond like his martinis ?
what is a fear of points ?
what sport do the cleaveland cavaliers play ?
what company 's trademark was his master 's voice ?
what song did patti page set people dancing to in 1950 ?
who killed kurt cobain ?
who was the first king of england ?
what color tennis balls are used at wimbledon ?
who was tiny tim 's father ?
what was the only country in the western hemisphere to join the russian led boycott of the 1984 summer olympics ?
what is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?
who was in death of a salesman original movie , not 1985 ?
who was the author of the famous fairy tale `` snow white and seven dwarfs '' ?
who was the star of leave it to beaver ?
who is buried in the great pyramid of giza ?
who does the voices of the simpsons ?
what are the 10 largest cities in the us ?
how did asia get its name ?
what was the worst hurricane ?
what 1953 film won frank sinatra a best supporting actor oscar ?
what south american capital is the world 's highest ?
what are all the different types of pizza ?
what type of performer is ileana cotrubas ?
how many people die from snakebite poisoning in the u s per year ?
who portrayed `` the man without a face '' in the movie of the same name ?
what argentine revolutionary fought with castro and died in bolivia in may , 1979 ?
how do i register a trade name in north carolina ?
what country was brian boru an 11th century king of ?
in what year was de gaulle elected president of france ?
what civil war general wreaked havoc on the south by marching through georgia on his way to the sea ?
what does gringo mean ?
what civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?
what is spaceball played on ?
what is the smallest country in africa ?
winnie the pooh is what kind of animal ?
how old is jeremy piven ?
what was mel gibson 's first movie ?
where can i find information about bob barr , representative from georgia ?
what is the us federal government website for standard industrial classification codes , sic , ?
what is a fear of glass ?
what do most tourists visit in reims ?
what are some ways to help someone with chicken pox ?
what was the sequel to the moon 's balloon ?
what ocean surrounds the madeira islands ?
what colors make up a rainbow ?
how can i get rich quick ?
what film or films has jude law appeared in ?
what words in the english have two u 's back to back ?
what 's a male `` cuckquean '' ?
what constellation represents a hunter with club and shield ?
what two countries is andorra nestled between ?
what are some important events of the 1830 's ?
what comedian was born allen stewart konigsberg ?
what is bill gates of microsoft e mail address ?
what is the airport code for los angeles international ?
name 11 famous martyrs
what is the origin of the christmas tree ?
how do you dunk ?
name a ballet company mikhail baryshnikov has danced for ?
what is the organizational structure of the new delhi indira gandhi airport ?
why did europeans first come to australia and oceania ?
what percentage of americans own their homes ?
what is a leaky heart valve ?
what kind of animals are dorsets , lincolns , oxfords and southdowns ?
how many years ago did led zeppelin release its last album ?
what rabbit got its name because its ears resembled those of a jackass ?
what is the legal blood alcohol limit for the state of california ?
what is the name of the vaccine for chicken pox ?
what park contains firehole river and fairy falls ?
what city did the flintstones live in ?
what award is the `` oscar '' of advertising ?
what is a hydrogen bond ?
what is ouzo ?
what novel inspired the movie bladerunner ?
what part did john peter zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in america ?
how was lawrence
what 2th century american poet wrote a four volume biography of abraham lincoln ?
who created maudie frickett ?
what is a fear of motion ?
how many milliseconds in a second ?
what was the non fiction best seller of 1952 , 1953 and 1954 ?
why does tuberculosis afflict people ?
what was football star elroy hirsch 's nickname ?
what company named one of its pens `` the banana '' ?
how do doctors diagnose bone cancer ?
how do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?
how do you say `` eat the day '' in latin ?
on what day were john f and jackie kennedy married ?
what is the peloponnesian league ?
who invented `` the muppets '' ?
what bird can swim but can 't fly ?
what month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?
who was the star witness at the senate watergate hearings ?
what capital is built around monument circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
what does a dipsomaniac crave ?
what american won the world grand prix driving championship in 1978 ?
how many movies has drew barrymore been in ?
who was known as the time master in comic books ?
approximately how many students are enrolled at the university of massachusetts ?
in 1990 , what day of the week did christmas fall on ?
what powdered soft drink mix went into space ?
who 's the lead singer of the led zeppelin band ?
what is 55 times sweeter than cane sugar ?
what is the chemical symbol for nitrogen ?
what is one of the languages of the sioux ?
how many mountains have been named for presidents in the continental usa ?
what racehorse won an associated press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?
what does cpr stand for ?
how old is singer freedy johnston ?
what soft drink first appeared in the old corner drug store in waco , texas , in 1885 ?
who played sally rogers on the dick van dyke show ?
who invented panties ?
what are the first names of the famous husband and wife acting team of lunt and fontanne ?
what city was bobby kennedy assassinated in ?
what is jane goodall famous for ?
what does robin williams do ?
what is dr seuss ' most popular book ?
what is ray bradbury 's illustrated man illustrated with ?
who are the two sons of ozzie and harriet nelson ?
how does zatanna perform her magic in dc comics ?
what 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?
who did arthur h bremer try to assassinate on may 15 , 1972 ?
where can i find free piano scores for popular music ?
who was ben casey 's boss ?
what tv series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
what was the first funk 'n lata , brazilian group , success ?
what are the five most expensive cities in the world ?
how is digital audio used ?
what english word has the most letters ?
what does the name billie mean ?
what lake is the source of the white nile ?
what do i call the sons and daughters of my first cousins ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
why do n't you guys have some sort of contest where you ask a question and whoever finds the answers wins a prize ?
how can i search for a word within my own webpage ?
what makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
what happened to moon maiden ?
why did the anglican church split from the vatican ?
who is the leader of brunei ?
when was calypso music invented ?
what is the english translation for the word `` caliente '' ?
what is leukemia ?
what is the chemiosmotic theory ?
what 's the meaning of the name tatiana ?
what will a kid eat the middle of , and save the chocolate on the outside for last ?
how do companies cut paper so thin ?
what does the abbreviation oas stand for ?
how many species of the great white shark are there ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
what does an ashen faced eidologist search out the existence of ?
which type of submarine was bought recently by south korea ?
what french leader sold louisiana to the united states ?
how do you solve `` rubik 's cube '' ?
what is the treatment for depression ?
what was the tragedy that struck the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?
what is a first world country ?
what university fired angela davis ?
what does the dot on the letter i mean ?
who created the fantastic four , hulk , and thor ?
what triple crown winning horse took the 1973 belmont stakes by 31 lengths ?
what was the number of people that randy steven craft was convicted of killing ?
how many times larger than life size is the statue of liberty ?
what baseball team became the minnesota twins ?
what does a teaspoon of matter weigh in a black hole ?
who created harry lime ?
what robust u s president imported his own instructor after seeing a judo match ?
what explosive do you get by mixing charcoal , sulfur and saltpeter ?
whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on academy award thank yous ?
when is dick clark 's birthday ?
what is `` cat scratch fever '' ?
what are the most albums sold by one artist or band ?
what was the first video ever made ?
in what book can i find the story of aladdin ?
what do caroll baker , tammy grimes , debbie reynolds , and judy garland all have in common ?
what should you yell to hail a taxi in madrid ?
who lives at 39 stone canyon way ?
what is the capital of kosovo ?
how is ` qigong ' properly pronounced ?
what is shalom ?
who was the famous door to door brush salesman ?
how many james bond novels are there ?
where do people mountain climb in nepal ?
who invented make up ?
rotary engines used to be made by whom ?
what professional sports league originated the college draft ?
how many different types of skunks are there ?
what plants are found in an estuary ?
what is sound ?
what year did hitler die ?
where can i find a lesson plan for teaching the metric system conversion to american standard ?
name the scar faced bounty hunter of the old west
how many chairs are shown in vincent van gogh 's 188 work the artist 's room in arles ?
whose biography by maurice zolotow is titled shooting star ?
who starred in singing in the rain and the singing nun ?
what three colors of ink are used to print a u s dollar bill ?
why were the american soldiers in wwi called `` doughboys ''
how many airline schools are there in the u s ?
how many layers of yellow paint is a faber mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
what is the procedure called for drilling a hole in your skull to acheive a higher consciousness ?
what kind of rocket launched the surveyor spacecraft ?
who was damocles ?
the olympic games in which year allowed nadia comaneci to become popular ?
what is the claim to fame of agra , india ?
what manufacturers are there in texas ?
what asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
how many visitors go to the vatican each year ?
how many logarithmic scales are there on a slide rule ?
what european country is home to the beer producing city of budweis ?
what bread company used to feature stickers of the cisco kid on the ends of their packages ?
where is mccarren airport ?
what does the name jenna mean ?
what tv sitcom character had the maiden name ethel potter ?
what british prime minister and u s president were seventh cousins once removed ?
who is pia zadora 's millionaire husband and mentor ?
how do you throw a housewarming party ?
what nobel laureate was expelled from the philippines before the conference on east timor ?
when was the triangle shirtwaist fire ?
what letter adorns the flag of rwanda ?
who is terrence malick ?
what is the name of the kids ' show from canadian public tv with the singing pineapple ?
what holidays are celebrated in ireland ?
what is the home rule act ?
what foods contain the most protein ?
what is a multiplexer ?
cnn 's first broadcast occurred on what date ?
who portrayed dracula in hammer studios ' films ?
what president kissed the queen mother on the lips ?
what longtime game show host dropped dead while jogging in central park in 1984 ?
what is making love ?
what is the full classification of a lady bug ?
how many stars are there on the soviet union 's flag ?
how many gallons of paint does it take to paint the golden gate bridge ?
how can you prevent it ?
what are shooting stars ?
how many calories are there in a glass of water ?
how much do drugs to treat tuberculosis cost ?
what ship did lloyd m bucher command ?
what was the name of `` the muppets '' creator ?
what is nicholas cage 's occupation ?
who came up with the name , el nino ?
what are some interesting facts and information about dogsledding ?
what is a handheld pc ?
what was lost and regained by poet john milton ?
what river is pocahontas buried along ?
what marx brothers movie centers on a stolen painting ?
what is film noir ?
what 's known as the queen of drinks ?
how many countries are there ?
who is zebulon pike ?
what then derogatory term was applied to the painters monet , sisley , pissarro , renoir and degas ?
what was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at sea world ?
what joins white wine to put the spritz in a spritzer ?
what president hit the jogging paths to enhance his athletic image and , sporting no 39 , almost collapsed during the road race ?
what is a fear of failure ?
who was bonnie blue butler 's father ?
what was jimmy durante 's theme song ?
what are the benefits of a rowing machine ?
who were the picts ?
what did brontosauruses eat ?
what is a fear of night or darkness ?
how old is stevie wonder ?
how long does a fly live ?
why didn 't european colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
what poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be ''
where can i take a test that will tell me what i should be when i grow up ?
how is answers com different from knowpost com ?
who retired with 755 home runs to his credit ?
how do you select wine ?
what country did the nazis occupy for 1 , cd nns in nnp nnp nnp
who commanded the french forces at the battle of orleans ?
what term means a sexual attraction between a male and a female ?
what college football team did knute rockne build into a power ?
who invented astroturf ?
where is the human skin least sensitive ?
who comprised the now defunct comic book team known as the champions ?
what does the term 3 mean to a newspaper editor ?
what creative genius said `` everything comes to him who hustles while he waits '' ?
what u s state has an element named for it ?
what country has the most coastline ?
what does `` e pluribus unum '' on the penny mean ?
how do i find the balance of my social security account ?
who was israel 's first prime minister ?
what two historical figures , who fought each other in a famous battle , each have a food named after them ?
what is a guild ?
what is the abbreviated term used for the national bureau of investigation ?
what animals acted as lapwarmers for american colonists in church ?
how do i find a city if i have the area code ?
when did cnn go on the air ?
what is so powerful about power bars ?
what kind of species is the monster in the film `` jaws '' ?
what is the origin of the proverb `` a stitch in time saves nine '' ?
what kind of sports did they play in the years 1642 1649 , the english civil war time ?
what 's the tallest piece on a chessboard ?
what do you call a book of quotes ?
on what t v show could tom terrific be found ?
what was the role of the medieval guild ?
who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of windsor ?
who served as inspiration for the schoolteacher portrayed by robin williams in `` dead poets society '' ?
who is barbara jordan ?
what food of the three bears did goldilocks eat ?
why is it called `` hamburger '' if there is no ham in it ?
what did lenny bruce say that got him arrested ?
name one of king henry viii 's wives
what south american country won its first world cup soccer title in 1978 ?
what 's the second most used murder weapon in the u s ?
where is the danube ?
what are some good fractal web sites ?
what u s president was the first to breed mules ?
what famed tennis tournament 's men 's singles title was fred perry the last englishman to win ?
how do you get rid on woodpeckers ?
how do you buy stocks ?
why did the chicken cross the road ?
how many states have a `` lemon law '' for new automobiles ?
why do horseshoes bring luck ?
what 's the most common surname in america ?
what mormon leader was said to have had 27 wives ?
who was darth vader 's son ?
what is steve rogers 's profession when he 's not captain america ?
what is a cartesian diver ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what can communications satellites offer yachts ?
what 's the most delicate tasting member of the onion family ?
who was shakespeare 's moorish general ?
how far do you have to run if you hit a home run ?
on average , how many miles are there to the moon ?
when was the internal combustion engine developed ?
what is the origin of infinity ?
who was santos dumont ?
where is mccarren airport located ?
what stereo manufacturer is `` slightly ahead of its time '' ?
which country is the largest country in latin america ?
where is the mayo clinic ?
what film marked robert redford 's directorial debut ?
what year did charles dicken die ?
where is south bend ?
who betrayed norway to the nazis ?
which leg does a cat move with its left front leg when walking its left rear or right rear leg ?
which area produces the least acidic coffee ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
how can you stop the itch from poison ivy ?
what does a philatelist collect ?
what are the only players eligible to score points in roller derby called ?
what film featured shirley maclaine as a prostitute and jack lemmon as a pimp ?
what 's a `` coup de poing '' to a french boxer ?
what is sap ?
how many pins are used in skittles ?
what does an irate car owner call iron oxide ?
what are tannins ?
what father and son won the medal of honor ?
what did cool hand luke go to jail for ?
what is australia day ?
who created the world wide web , www ?
what prison is found in ossining , new york ?
what is the deepest area of the arctic ocean ?
how does belle describe her life in beauty and the beast ?
silly putty was invented by whom ?
who is rocky 's and bullwinkle 's ever lost friend ?
what 's the name of tom sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?
how fast does the fastest car go ?
what are the names of all the u s navy aircraft carriers ?
what title does comedian henry youngman claim ?
how much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
who created the character james bond ?
what english word contains the most letters ?
how many tenths of the earth 's surface lie under water ?
how many electoral votes does it take to win presidency ?
what was marilyn monroe 's real name ?
what is the protagonist 's name in dostoevski 's `` the idiot '' ?
how many films did ingmar bergman make ?
what animal causes the biggest threat to humans ?
where can i find a review of nightmare on elm street in a film journal ?
what are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
what 's the motto of the boy scouts ?
what is html ?
what mountainous region of the world is the lhasa apso dog native to ?
what multitalented academy award winning director failed a college course in motion picture production ?
how much does a poodle weigh ?
in what war was the first submarine used ?
what product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
what is the design of the ship titanic ?
what is the rarest coin ?
who was lauren bacall 's first husband ?
what is the normal resting heart rate of a healthy adult ?
what cruise line does kathie lee gifford advertise for ?
how do i install a tile floor ?
what was the name of randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
what polynesian people inhabit new zealand ?
what kind of people took part in shays ' rebellion in massachusetts in 1787 ?
what does a nihilist believe in ?
who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?
what caused the division between the anglicans and the vatican ?
what former president 's daughter has written a book titled murder in the white house ?
what actor was the first man to appear on the cover of mccall 's ?
what cigarette company urged us , `` come to where the flavor is ? ''
what is george lucas 's e mail address ?
how long is human gestation ?
name the tree growing company
what facial feature did walt disney sport that none of disney 's employees is allowed to ?
which is the wealthiest country in the world ?
what dog was dubbed the mortgage lifter ?
what time of year do most people fly ?
how many verses are in the bible ?
what is the length of border between the ukraine and russia ?
what is a fear of fish ?
what major airline has the best safety record in the world ?
what is prepared mustard ?
how can i stop or slow down aging ?
who is olive oyl 's brother ?
what is the origin of the midwest slang , ` you 're darn tootin ' ?
what ernest hemingway novel had the working title fiesta ?
what is the history of valentine 's day cards ?
what country did the mau mau uprising take place in ?
how many colors are there in the spectrum ?
what 's the name of the tampa newspaper ?
where can i find a large list of 5 to 6 letter words ?
what english playwright penned `` where the bee sucks , so shall i '' ?
how many points is a disk in the center hole worth in crokinole ?
what is a fear of parasites ?
what country has been called the queen of the antilles ?
what is an example of a natural acid base indicator ?
how can you tell when figs are ripe ?
what is a hormone ?
what is a fear of stings ?
name of the powerful white trader in conrad 's `` heart of darkness '' ?
what is franz kafka 's short story `` a country doctor '' trying to tell us ?
how many inches over six feet is the venus de milo ?
what was the birthplace of edgar allen poe ?
what color is the stripe along each side of a coho salmon ?
what year did germany sign its nonaggression pact with the soviet union ?
who was the lyricist and who was the composer between gilbert and sullivan ?
how do you find oxidation numbers ?
what is probability theory ?
what state did helen keller call home ?
what constellation is known as the water bearer ?
what female suspect in the game of clue is single ?
what attracts tourists to reims ?
how many different kinds of ice cream are there ?
what 's the farthest planet from the sun ?
on which hawaiian island is pearl harbor ?
what is a reliable site that i can download heretic 2 ?
what businesses or agencies would do an employment verification ?
what does playboy title its `` continuing dialog on contemporary issues between playboy and its readers '' ?
what type of food makes you fat ?
name the marvel team loosely based on dc 's justice league of america ?
what did the pyramid builders of egypt mainly eat ?
what indoor sport saw the phoenix inferno become the phoenix pride on july 14 , 1983 , when the temperature hit 111 degrees ?
what medium is stuart hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
who played humpty dumpty in the 1933 film alice in wonderland ?
what countries have the best math students ?
why do airliners crash vs gliding down ?
what 1942 espionage movie reunited director john huston with maltese falconers humphrey bogart , mary astor , and sidney greenstreet ?
in a computer , what does scsi mean ?
who is the prophet of medina ?
how can i easily remove red wine stains from t shirts ?
what is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
what incident of 1933 did the german nazis use to justify emergency decrees , imprisoning opponents and vesting more power in themselves ?
what national league baseball team employed 72 third baseemen in its first 2 seasons ?
how many spears are there on kenya 's flag ?
who reports the weather on the `` good morning america '' television show ?
how do they produce vitamins ?
in south korea , how many american soldiers are there ?
what are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?
who is known as `` the world 's oldest teenager '' ?
in 139 the papal court was forced to move from rome to where ?
what 's the symbol for the zodiacal sign gemini ?
how many pairs of legs does a lobster have ?
how can i find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
how long does it take the typical american to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?
what was einstein 's iq ?
where does the u s rank among world countries in area ?
which came first , according to genesis 1 2 22 the chicken or the egg ?
what does ms , miss , and mrs stand for ?
what are the names of the different toes ?
what were the first frozen foods ?
which bloom county resident wreaks havoc with a computer ?
name pittsburgh 's baseball team
what is the most important nation in the world , historically ?
how many freckles does howdy doody have on his face ?
what are the names of richard nixon 's two daughters ?
where is former pro wrestler johnny `` rubber man '' walker ?
who was the lead actress in the movie ` sleepless in seattle ' ?
who was the prophet of the muslim people ?
what effect does lsd have on the brain ?
what animal has been called the poor man 's cow ?
in what high risk business venture did jimmy the greek bet and lose ?
what day is known as the `` national day of prayer '' ?
what is the largest county in size in massachusetts ?
what u s state is dixville notch in ?
what 's the difference between sleet and freezing rain ?
who said `` soldiers win the battles and generals get the credit '' ?
musician ray charles plays what instrument ?
what did martin luther post on the church door at wittenberg ?
when did the supercontinent pangaea break up ?
what political party is sinn fein a part of ?
what motto ended merrie melodies cartoons ?
what does msg stand for ?
who led the normans to victory in the battle of hastings ?
who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?
how many colleges are in wyoming ?
when was the battle of hastings ?
where are the haversian canals ?
what game is garry kasparov really good at ?
what is the quickest and easiest way to get nail polish out of clothes ?
which is heavier cream or milk ?
what organ contains the islands of langerhans ?
for what reason did some san diego schools stop serving apples ?
which glamorous actress is a close friend of dick tracy ?
what did englishman john hawkins begin selling to new world colonists in 1562 ?
how many millimeters are in a mile ?
what are the seven seas ?
who declared `` i am down on whores and i shan 't stop ripping them '' ?
how do you get silly putty out of fabric ?
what is a camel hair brush actually made out of ?
how long does james bond like his eggs boiled ?
where were the 1936 summer olympics held ?
what is the rounded part on the top of a matchbook called ?
what 1915 film was the first to gross 5 million ?
what animal occurs in spielberg 's `` jaws '' ?
how many grooves are on a dime 's edge ?
how many islands make up antigua ?
where did gulliver find a race of tiny people ?
what season is the setting for shakespeare 's midsummer night 's dream ?
what south vietnamese president was assassinated by his generals in 1963 ?
when was richard nixon born ?
how can i find out my biorhythm ?
who is the richest woman in the world ?
what city is near the mouth of the amazon ?
what country claimed rubens , van dyck and bruegel as citizens ?
how many inches over six feet is tom selleck ?
when was babe ruth born ?
who was the first animal into space ?
what 's the most powerful card in euchre ?
what is the term for someone who hates mankind ?
how old was lucille ball when the show `` i love lucy '' premiered ?
who played the title role in my favorite martian ?
what was organized as a confederate veterans ' social club in pulaski , in tennessee , in 1866 ?
who owns cnn ?
what is multimedia ?
what are the stars made of ?
what two cities usually mark the extremes of english channel swims ?
what are the requirements for becoming a citizen of australia ?
what animal 's tail is called a brush ?
what is the trademark of a washington redskin 's fan ?
what u s city was named for st francis of assisi ?
who should i call to get a tour of the new york stock exchange ?
what record company produced the 1978 movie the wiz ?
what country borders the most others ?
what was the 24 disc john gabel entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
how long should you feed your puppy purina puppy chow ?
name a sioux language
the shea gould law firm had an office in l a for how many years ?
what does s o s stand for ?
what is the name of the gulf between sweden and finland ?
who makes chicken `` finger lickin '' good ?
what tale has the moral `` he who wants everything gets nothing '' ?
why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?
why is the mile 528 feet ?
what are amphibians ?
what two countries in south america are landlocked ?
cnn is owned by whom ?
how much did mercury spend on advertising in 1993 ?
what u s congressman said `` keep the faith , baby ''
what lake is sheboygan on ?
who was camp david named for ?
what currency is used in australia ?
when did rococo painting and architecture flourish ?
what is the exchange rate between england and the u s ?
what is graduate school ?
which drug is commonly used to treat aids ?
what percent of world 's fresh water is found in canada ?
in what year did ireland elect its first woman president ?
what two commanders directed the forces in the battle of el alamein ?
what u s government agency registers trademarks ?
what is the habitat of the chickadee ?
who was the first woman governor of wyoming ?
what was the killer whale who died at sea world of a fungal infection named ?
what happened in the long march ?
where can i find a `` fifth element '' screensaver ?
what kind of science is cosmology ?
the jewish alphabet is called what ?
what is the origin of the word ozymandias ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
what is the largest city in connecticut ?
what animal migrates the farthest ?
who 's baby was sweet pea on the popeye cartoon ?
what does cnn stand for ?
who was the actor who played sam in the movie casablanca ?
name a flying mammal
what is an isthmus ?
the trials resulting from world war ii are known as what ?
who gave us the `` rolling writer '' ?
who wrote the sci fi trilogy foundation , foundation and empire , and second foundation ?
what is a fear of fur ?
how many different countries export coffee ?
what is michael jackson 's middle name ?
what american actress was the first to be called a `` vamp '' ?
what was the name of the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what historical event happened in dogtown in 1899 ?
what is the name of kevin costner 's movie about sioux indians ?
how did lee harvey oswald purchase his rifle ?
where does ray bradbury 's chronicles take place ?
where is ayer 's rock ?
how do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?
how do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?
what is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
what are the words to the cd eminem 's , or slim shady , `` my name is '' ?
where is the loop ?
what is the abbreviated form of the national bureau of investigation ?
what is nuclear proliferation ?
how did socrates die ?
how far out is the universe ?
what is the main language of sao paulo , brazil ?
what 's the international radio code word for the letter f ?
what city is the setting for puccini 's opera la boheme ?
when did communist control end in hungary ?
why are haunted houses popular ?
how many feet long is a baseball pitcher 's rubber ?
how do you handle a hungry man ?
what did 8 , cd nns vbp to vb nnp pos nn
how do storms form ?
what actor starred in 1980 's blue lagoon , 1982 's the pirate movie and 1983 's a night in heaven ?
what is typhoid fever ?
when called upon to surrender , what american general replied , `` sir , i have not yet begun to fight '' ?
how many colors are there in a rainbow ?
how long was the longest hiccup attack ?
where on the internet can i find a song lyrics database similar to the international lyrics server ?
what are maid rites ?
who bestowed great power upon captain britain ?
what sport can a free legged pacer compete in ?
what year is etched on the gold medal of excellence from the paris exposition depicted on a can of campbell 's tomato soup ?
when will jean aeul publish her next book ?
what is the definition of cosmology ?
what is the hub of london ?
where does the weird shape of the dinner fish knife originate from ?
what was mark johnson referring to when he said `` i still can 't believe it we beat the russians ? ''
what was the name of darth vader 's son ?
what two colors are you blind to if you suffer from protanopia ?
how many grooves are on a dime ?
why did the aztecs first think the spanish were gods ?
what will a compass do in outer space ?
when did beethoven die ?
how do you match a name to a social security number ?
name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips ''
what is thermal equilibrium ?
what is a gas release event ?
why is the moon different sizes and colors ?
what are some colorful flowers that will bloom in the fall in new england ?
what new hampshire hamlet rises early to vote first in u s presidential elections ?
what 's the largest letter in salvador dali 's signature ?
what are the limits to `` self defense ? ''
what group was formed in 1969 after police met resistance from patrons at the stonewall , a greenwich village gay bar ?
what is java ?
how many dogs pull a sled in the iditarod ?
what is a leper ?
what was suzy parker doing to earn 1 , 000 in the early 1950 's ?
who made the largest cocaine seizure in ventura county history ?
in what movie is the number nine found in the title ?
what is butterfield 8 in butterfield 8 ?
who is the only prime minister of canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?
when are sheep shorn ?
why does a candle need a wick ?
what director portrayed the commandant of the pow camp in 1953 's stalag 17 ?
what is a cake of soap ?
how many people died on d day ?
name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
what was the name of the sitcom that alyssa milano starred in with tony danza ?
what is the definition of cecum ?
what is the music used in the new vw beetle commercial where the car spins and changes colors ?
what 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?
where is hearst castle , built by publisher william randolph hearst ?
what is the city in which maurizio pellegrin lives called ?
what is main reason for that electric vehicles can 't be popular nowadays ?
how big is a quart ?
how high must a mountain be to be called a mountain ?
what percentage of children between the ages of two and eleven watch ` the simpsons ' ?
what 's the term for any four sided figure ?
where did the mayan indians live ?
where is inoco based ?
how many casinos are in atlantic city , nj ?
who wrote the book , `` song of solomon '' ?
how can i get someone 's phone number if i only have their screen name ?
who was nicknamed the little corporal ?
what detective lives on punchbowl hill and has 11 children ?
what was the name given the 6 , 500 german airforce troops that used the spanish civil war as a training exercise ?
on which flight did fawaz younis commit air piracy and hostage taking ?
what is a fear of gravity ?
how long does it take for your blood to make one complete trip through the body ?
what is the federal minimum wage ?
what does choo choo charlie say ?
where can i find information on george bush ?
what does las vegas mean ?
what is the origin of the first name ` breony ' ?
what did aaron hass write ?
who discovered imaginary numbers ?
what animals do you find in the stock market ?
what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
what asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?
what does the technique called `` cold fusion '' produce ?
what is the present pope named ?
what was the occupation of mandy rice davies ?
what is the zodiac sign for august 14 ?
what musical instrument did prewitt play in james jones 's from here to eternity ?
what revelation did alexander butterfield make to the senate watergate committee ?
how many queen bees reign in a hive ?
what river is windsor castle on ?
what kind of tree graces lebanon 's flag ?
what two vessels fought the first sea battle between iron covered ships ?
what homerian epic chronicles events toward the end of the trojan wars ?
which major diamond producer is based in south africa ?
why was curious george curious ?
where did victor hugo spend his exile ?
who was considered to be the father of psychology ?
who is archie bunker 's son in law ?
what species was winnie the pooh ?
who shoplifts ?
how many disks does each player have in a four handed game of crokinole ?
how did bob marley die ?
what was the sister ship of the olympic ?
how did the u s come into the possession of an empire in the wake of the spanish american war ?
how can scientists predict weather by observing clouds ?
how many gutenberg bibles are there ?
what two states is washington d c between ?
what country is the setting for edgar allan poe 's the pit and the pendulum ?
what countries have the most auto thefts ?
which killer whale died at sea world of a fungal infection ?
how many elephants are left on earth ?
what author was appointed u s ambassador to spain in 1842 ?
what is nitrox diving ?
what future president became senate majority whip under harry truman ?
what diminutive american female gymnast stole the show at the 1984 olympics ?
what new york city landmark has 168 steps to its crown ?
cnn began broadcasting in what year ?
italy is the largest producer of what ?
how do you tell your parents you are dating an older man ?
what 's the last line of dickens 's a christmas carol ?
what is a fear of going to bed ?
what carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?
name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except q , with no repeats
what are tonsils for ?
what is the difference between a fruit and a vegetable ?
why do they call a hamburger a hamburger when there is no ham ?
what are the three most populated countries in the world ?
how far is london uk from california ?
how old is benny carter ?
what letter is to the right of k on a typewriter keyboard ?
what does tiffany mean ?
what does the name `` sheri '' mean ?
what team did babe ruth play his first major league game for ?
in what year did china and the republic of korea establish diplomatic relations ?
what are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?
what are common methods used to regulate monopolies ?
what european country 's monarchy was restored in 1975 ?
what film was based on the play everybody comes to rick 's ?
how do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?
where do quality drinks begin ?
what are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
what is the homelite inc home page ?
how much money are dumbo 's ears insured for ?
what is nicholas cage 's profession ?
what is the abbreviation for original equipment manufacturer ?
how old is the sun ?
who wrote the godfather ?
how do you send a movie transcript to hollywood so that it can be produced into a film ?
what is head start ?
where is the largest dam in the world ?
where is your corpus callosum ?
what female faith healer wrote the inspirational book i believe in miracles ?
what country offered albert einstein its presidency in 1952 ?
who was made the first honorary citizen of the u s ?
how can i find out my moon sign ?
what country was sir edmund hillary born in ?
what was the name of the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?
which nba players had jersey number 0 ?
what was the rallying cry of the early american revolutionaries ?
what was the nickname of frederick i , holy roman emperor and king of germany ?
where is it planned to berth the merchant ship , lane victory , which merchant marine veterans are converting into a floating museum ?
what is the difference between classical conditioning and operant conditioning ?
how many home runs did babe ruth hit in his lifetime ?
in the movie groundshog day what is the name of the character played by andie macdowell ?
what tv family sometimes buys eclairs from nelson 's bakery ?
to get the most caffeine , what soda should i drink ?
what is one of the languages spoken by the sioux called ?
what chilean president was killed in a 1973 coup d 'etat ?
when did spielberg direct `` jaws '' ?
how do i contact answers com ?
what was the death toll at the eruption of mount pinatubo ?
how many liberty bells have there been ?
what kind of sport is often associated with hooligans ?
what non mechanical sport achieves the highest speeds ?
what is la nina ?
what 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
what is the name of the managing director of apricot computer ?
what was fred astaire 's dancing partner 's name ?
what is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?
what is predicted to topple over between 2010 and 2020 ?
which airplane did fawaz younis hijack ?
what is the high pitched sound that you hear in your ear every now and then , but then it goes away , after a while ?
how do ants have sex ?
how old is britney spears ?
what muhammad ali maneuver was george foreman the first victim of ?
what album put the beatles on the cover of time in 1967 ?
who gave king arthur the round table ?
what kind of a sports team is the wisconsin badgers ?
who wrote brave new world ?
what was the largest city in the world to declare martial law in 1989 ?
what scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?
what is one of the cities that the university of minnesota is located in ?
what concerts are held in new york this week ?
what would you add to the clay mixture to produce bone china ?
where is tufts university ?
who do herb and tootsie live next door to ?
which is a real berry blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
what is the difference between new york style and chicago style pizza ?
how much did lucy van pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
what is being done about the millennium bug ?
what does `` b y o b '' mean ?
what is the real name of disc jockey `` wolfman jack '' ?
name of the lady the great gatsby pines for ?
what are new computer games for windows 95 or 98 ?
how do telephones work ?
what king boycotted prince charles 's wedding ?
how is cologne made ?
what is the plural of gulf ?
what is dsl ?
when not adventuring on rann , what does adam strange call his profession ?
how does blood clot ?
what good little witch is casper 's girlfriend ?
what is deadrise , nautical , ?
how many miles is it from ny to austria ?
how far is it from phoenix to blythe ?
who is reputed to be the greatest maker of violins ?
what william makepeace thackeray novel was made into a film by stanley kubrick ?
who was ezra taft benson ?
what is the capital of congo ?
what country does ileana cotrubas come from ?
when was the first successful heart transplant for a human ?
how do i know how much money to save for retirement ?
what does the name `` anthony '' mean ?
who used to make cars with rotary engines ?
where is melbourne ?
what radio station did paul harvey work for ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
who won oscars for her roles in gone with the wind and a streetcar named desire ?
what is the most popular last name ?
what is smokey the bear 's middle name ?
what does the number 33 on the rolling rock beer bottle mean ?
what famous coach said `` if you can 't beat 'em in the alley , you can 't beat 'em on the ice '' ?
what is a cullion ?
who is the founder of scientology ?
what famous british actor lost his voice after an operation in 1966 ?
where can i find the history of the hungarian language ?
what 's played at wembley stadium , london , every may ?
how much money does a back injury lawsuit get ?
what year did the first issue of `` playboy '' come out ?
who wrote the poem that starts `` i love your lips when they 're wet with wine and red with a warm desire '' ?
what is the difference between optical and digital video ?
what was the man 's name who was killed in a duel with aaron burr ?
how do i get my lan card activated so that it can hook up to another computer without using a hub ?
what product did william horlick discover and produce ?
what is the origin of the word nevermind ?
what blew up at lakehurst , new jersey , on may 6 , 1977 ?
what is the origin of the word `` mushroom '' ?
what do i need to do to take my dog with me to live in dominica , west indies for a year ?
what are liver enzymes ?
what is the world 's deadliest infectious disease ?
how do fuel injectors work ?
what is the quantity of american soldiers still unaccounted for from the vietnam war ?
what is the order of the arrow in boy scouts ?
what will the weather be today ?
what is the vdrl test of blood ?
what is the origin of the rock band led zeppelin 's name ?
how can you contact play producers and promoters on line ?
in what city is the headquarters of sinn fein ?
what is california 's capital ?
where did the energy for the big bang come from ?
who was the russian ambassador to hungary during the 1956 uprising ?
how old was stevie wonder when he signed with motown records ?
how many miles of veins are in the circulatory system ?
what did the crocodile swallow in peter pan ?
who died with more than 1 , 000 u s patents to his credit ?
name the two actress daughters of john mills
ray charles is best known for playing what instrument ?
who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
how many url extensions are there ? and what are they ?
where is ocho rios ?
what william styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?
what is the name of the disease that actress hunter tylo 's baby girl has ?
why does a wheel , e g a car tire , appear to spin in the opposite direction as it slows down ?
what is the nature of learning ?
what is the poetic meter of blank verse ?
what explorers followed columbus to the americas ?
what are the powers and weaknesses of green lantern 's ring ?
what is mikhail gorbachev 's middle initial ?
what 's the favorite food of dragonflies ?
what well known music personality is the father of an adopted son named hans christian henderson ?
how did u s a become involved in the barbary wars
what are the world 's three largest oceans , in order of size ?
where did luther display his `` ninety five theses '' ?
what famous model was married to billy joel ?
why is jane goodall famous ?
what is michael jackson 's father 's name ?
why are lions called `` king of the jungle '' ?
what is a fear of food ?
when did cnn begin broadcasting ?
who is the superstar in rent a cars ?
when is the tulip festival in michigan ?
what one of the backstreet boys are single ?
define cosmology
name the designer of the shoe that spawned millions of plastic imitations , known as ` jellies '
what is pandoro ?
what is `` bloodhound '' ?
what 4 foot 9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
what kind of books does fodor 's publish ?
what is the date of bastille day ?
what are hook worms ?
how many revolutions does a standard lp make in three minutes ?
what is li 'l abner 's last name ?
what is the country of origin for the name thomas ?
what russian seaport has a name meaning `` lord of the east '' ?
what was the minimum wage in 1991 ?
who was the lawyer for randy craft ?
what card game derived its name from biritch , or russian whist ?
who is the monarch of the united kingdom ?
what is the only modern language that capitalizes its singular first person pronoun ?
who was the first woman in space ?
how many pounds are there in a stone ?
what are the best ways to improve employee morale at low cost ?
what are the living conditions in cuba ?
who was the first taiwanese president ?
who played lucas mccain on the rifleman ?
what famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera hansel and gretel ?
who was william henry harrison ?
where is there information on the novel `` el cid '' ?
what amount of folic acid should an expectant mother take daily ?
what honeymooners actress did television magazine name as 1953 's most promising star ?
what country would you visit to ski in the dolomites ?
who created the monster in mary shelley 's novel frankenstein ?
what major league baseball team compiled the best won lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
what class is categorized as the bourgeoisie ?
name the islamic counterpart to the red cross
what 's the nickname of oddsmaker jimmy snyder ?
what was an `` asiento '' ?
what does lol mean ?
which team won the super bowl in 1968 ?
what are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in spartanburg , south carolina ?
what car was driven in the 199 release of `` smokey and the bandit '' ?
what is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?
how many different languages are spoken in europe ?
how many consecutive baseball games did lou gehrig play ?
where can i buy a good snowboard for less than 200 ?
what food can i use to catch a possum ?
name the french historical period during the reign of napoleon iii
how much did a knight 's armor weigh ?
what is a conifer ?
what is hypertext ?
what are the different types of plastic ?
what city 's airport is named logan international ?
what was the tallest building in america in 1922 ?
what 's the middle name of movie producer joseph e levine ?
name a product that controls the ripening of apples
what is the brightest star visible from earth ?
what creature scares people in the film `` jaws '' ?
what is black hills , south dakota most famous for ?
how do chickens have baby chicks ?
what is the connection between new krypton and daxam ?
what does the ouarterly review of doublespeak call an `` inoperative statement '' ?
which mosquito 's bite draws blood , dt nn cc dt nn
who invented the process to make condensed milk ?
what beer is ` rockin ' america ? ''
what is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
what kind of animals were in the paleozoic era ?
who made stonehenge ?
in what year did the bounty mutiny happen ?
on what river is strasbourg built ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
what famous soldier was born in europe , died in asia , and was laid to rest in africa ?
in what year did thatcher become prime minister ?
what determines the value of the pearl ?
what is her husband 's name ?
what piano company claims its product is the `` instrument of the immortals '' ?
who was the first woman to fly solo across the atlantic ?
who created `` the muppets '' ?
who is the famous movie star who also acted as sewer commissioner of provo canyon , utah ?
what common ailment can 't you catch at the north pole ?
what baseball player was walked the most times ?
what 's the difference between j d and ll m ?
what is a fear of odors , body , ?
what ocean surrounds the maldive islands ?
what sea did the romans call mare nostrum ?
how long was the longest sneezing attack ?
what spider makes a superb pet , even said to recognize its master ?
what do you call a date that contains sequencing numbers , like 9 8 98 ?
what was the infamous feat of germany 's u 2 submarine ?
how is an executioner determined ?
what is the name of the city that maurizio pellegrin lives in ?
who was quetzalcoatl ?
what 's the northernmost u s state apart from alaska ?
how many wings does a flea have ?
who wrote the red badge of courage ?
what are dingoes ?
what was the name of the computer in ` 2001 a space odyssey ' ?
what is a fear of women ?
how do you get dates with the `` hooters '' girls ?
what did the ancients call the four great elements ?
what sport does chris jogis play ?
where does mother angelica live ?
what are emblazoned on the jolly roger ?
what are different products of petroleum ?
what soft drink would provide me with the biggest intake of caffeine ?
what is the highest peak in africa ?
where is los vegas ?
what nazi leader killed himself in jail just before he was to be executed as a war criminal ?
who is the richest person in the world , without owning a business ?
what 's the capital of monaco ?
when was the brandenburg gate in berlin built ?
what leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?
which one of the original seven mercury program astronauts did not fly on any of the mercury flights ?
what english queen had six fingers on one hand ?
who is ishmael in moby dick ?
what commodity 's shortage was the largest single factor in keeping north american cars off the roads during world war ii ?
where is natick ?
what is infomatics ?
what is the name of dolly parton 's rarely seen husband ?
where is the kentucky horse park located ?
what is crabgrass ?
what is nebraska 's most valuable resource ?
what 's the most common name in nursery rhymes ?
what world war ii leader declared `` the blow has been struck '' ?
what is the largest variety of cactus ?
what city has the world 's longest subway system ?
which cats pursued tweety pie in his first cartoon appearance ?
what animal was the heat seeking missile called the sidewinder named for ?
how many square feet is bill gates ' home ?
what are the current immigration laws in us ?
when was the nfl established ?
what country was the setting of you only live twice ?
which of the following men was not married to rita hayworth ?
how many rows of sprocket holes does a roll of 35 millimeter film have ?
name the five positions who are in the line of succession to the presidency
how many sonnets did shakespeare write ?
why do the chickenpoxs last so long ?
what is the highest waterfall in the united states ?
what river runs through liverpool ?
what are the arabic numerals from 1 to 10 ?
how much snow equals an inch of rain ?
how many times a day does the typical person go to the bathroom ?
what do the japanese call japan ?
what mystery writer penned `` the glory that was greece , and the grandeur that was rome '' ?
what is nathan hamill 's role in the new star wars prequel ?
what is a 2 sided object called ?
who is the president of the spanish government ?
who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
what tv show chronicled the lives of katy holstrum and congressman glen morley ?
what 's the sacred river of india ?
what kennedy was married to ethel ?
in what year was actress joan collins born ?
what fast food magnate 's initials graced the left sleeve of the san diego padres ' baseball uniforms in 1984 ?
when did theo rousseau paint the `` forest of fontaine '' ?
what are amaretto biscuits ?
how many people died on south carolina highways in 1998 ?
how effective are condoms in protecting against aids ?
what was known as the spice island ?
who is the sexiest women in the world ?
what dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?
what nationality were the 123 people who died in the black hole of calcutta ?
why do we have to go to school ?
what is a fear of slime ?
who won the first world series ?
what is the first book of the old testament ?
where can i find a case on individuals with disabilities education act of 1991 ?
how many people does honda employ in the u s ?
what 1965 film had jack lemmon portraying a cartoonist ?
what articles of clothing are tokens in monopoly ?
how many types of cheese are there in france ?
what country , after canada and mexico , is closest to the u s ?
who sings the song `` drink to me with thine eyes '' by ben johnson ?
why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?
why did several san diego schools stop serving apples to students ?
how can i get a comic character i made copyrighted and published ?
how many zip codes are there in the u s ?
how do they type chinese characters on a keyboard ?
what crooner joined the andrews sisters for pistol packin mama ?
what is greek pita ?
what color was the hundred billionth crayon made by crayola ?
what keeps clouds in the air ?
what creature is the absolute fastest in moving in the world , birds , mammals , etc , ?
where is poe 's birthplace ?
what planet did percival lovell discover ?
what 's the population of mississippi ?
how do i write to my congressman ?
what southern california town is named after a character made famous by edgar rice burroughs ?
what heavyweight boxer was known as the wild bull of the pampas ?
how does crosstalk relate to insb thickness in infrared detectors ?
how much calcium should an adult female have daily ?
when did charles lindbergh die ?
what did the seven dwarfs do for a living ?
how can i trace my family roots ?
how many cds has garth brooks sold ?
what 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?
who played the title role in the romantic englishwoman ?
how many superbowls have the ers won ?
what year did jack nicklaus join the professional golfers association tour ?
what was paper made of in the late 16th century ?
how long does it take light to reach the earth from the sun ?
how many times does the tide ebb and flow each day ?
how many muscles does the average adult use when going for a walk ?
what was the name of the `` little rascals '' dog ?
why are so many umbrellas black ?
what is the west virginia state animal ?
what pope inaugurated vatican international radio ?
how many objects orbit the earth ?
what facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
who invented the pull tab opener on cans ?
who played the title role in i was a teenage werewolf ?
when was the first american encyclopedia published ?
what is the capital of italy ?
what is another word for diet ?
what king is satirized in the line `` the king was in the countinghouse , counting all his money '' ?
how does light travel through the void of space if there is no medium for it to ` wave ' or ` pulse '
what is an angelus ?
which medium is hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
what does the `` c '' stand for in the equation e mc2 ?
what is the difference between microprocessors microcontrollers ?
what computer operating system is on the most computers ?
what is the executor in a will ?
what are the ingredients of coca cola ?
what was the only country you were allowed to drive into israel from in 1979 ?
what is the `` 7 minute cigarette '' ?
what are john c calhoun and henry clay known as ?
how many years is johnnie walker black label aged ?
what was the ventura county police department that seized the county 's largest amount of cocaine ever ?
what would happen to canada if quebec separated ?
where is logan airport ?
what is the telephone number for the university of kentucky ?
what is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?
how many people have died of tuberculosis ?
who played the ringo kid in the 1939 film stagecoach ?
what london street is the home of british journalism ?
what was the name of the 187s irish terrorist group in pennsylvania mining areas ?
the corpus callosum is in what part of the body ?
what is the average time it takes for a male to ejaculate ?
what is zionism ?
what is `` the soft drink for adults '' ?
how do you say `` fresh '' in spanish ?
in what county is eckley colorado ?
how fast is a 45mhz processor ?
what gaming devices were dubbed `` mississippi marbles '' and `` memphis dominoes '' ?
how far can a human eye see ?
how can i get someone 's email address ?
who was the first black woman to star in the folies bergeres ?
what is the 401 , k , plan ?
what comedian created a punch drunk pugilist named cauliflower mcpugg ?
who wrote `` poems are made by fools like me but only god can make a tree '' ?
where are the apartments in saint john , new brunswick ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear
what language is mostly spoken in brazil ?
what alloy do copper and tin form ?
what movie has made the most money ?
what peruvian city is home to the mummified body of francisco pizarro ?
what man made waterways is 1 76 miles long ?
what organic fuel do bog dwellers use a `` slane '' to cut ?
how much could you rent a volkswagen bug for in 1966 ?
what vowel do all esperanto nouns end in ?
what is a transistor ?
how can people from ireland come to the u s , work , and then return to ireland ?
what did mighty mouse always sing as he went into action ?
who is count cinzano ?
where do i find information for foreclosure properties on the internet ?
how many warmup pitches does a reliever get coming into a baseball game ?
how can i find a list of , fax and or email , addresses for human resource departments in massachusetts ?
name the two blob members of the animated herculoids
who was actress june havoc 's legendary sister ?
who followed willy brandt as chancellor of the federal republic of germany ?
which thrilled taste buds first snickers or 3 musketeers ?
what auto race was wilbur reed the first to win three times ?
what is the definition of a witch ?
what country was first to use the airplane as a weapon of war , against the turks in libya ?
what weapon is the mythological character apollo most proficient with ?
name the lawyer for randy craft
where are the union stockyards ?
what is splatterpunk ?
which of these are authors ?
what island group contains jersey , guernsey , sark and herm ?
who was garrett morgan married to ?
what snack food has ridges ?
what 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?
how long would it take for a savings bond to mature ?
how many dollars a day did arthur frommer say you could get by on in europe in 1968 ?
what continent is bolivia on ?
which classical spanish writer said `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
when will the millennium officially begin ?
what actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading scotland forever ?
who is the son in law of sen everett dirkson who was also a senator in the '70 's ?
what chemicals are used in lethal injection ?
what makes black hills , south dakota a tourist attraction ?
what is the longest english word that can be formed using just the first row of letters on a typewriter ?
what is the most expensive car in the world ?
what is d b cooper known for ?
what was the first country to put a second woman in space ?
what ocean does mauritania border ?
what was the eighth day following the nones in each month of the roman calendar called ?
who sent the brief message `` i came , i saw , i conquered '' ?
what is digitalis ?
who did sonny liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
where can i get information on the original 13 us colonies ?
who is the prophet that is most connected to the dead sea ?
what does ibm stand for ?
who was the founding member of the pink floyd band ?
which king signed the magna carta ?
what future soviet dictator was training to be a priest when he got turned on to marxism ?
how many bones are in the human hand ?
how do i change a file from an art file to a jpeg or bitmap file ?
how do you make a million bucks ?
what two european countries entered the war of american independence against the british ?
what `` little red car '' is mentioned in pop singer prince 's hit song ?
what is chronic constipation a symptom of ?
which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?
what 's the name of popeye 's adopted son ?
what is megan 's law ?
what california bay 's largest island is angel island ?
what comic strip sometimes features a mailman named beasley ?
how do you reference a website ?
where is the smithsonian institute located ?
what is a green bog ?
who is samuel pickering ?
what is tetrinet ?
who holds the career record for the most major league home runs ?
what nationality is ileana cotrubas ?
what are the capital cities of the two large countries that occupy the iberian peninsula in europe ?
what is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?
what date is boxing day ?
why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
what 's new in the postal world in 1999 ?
what are the rites accompanying the circumcision of a newly born child in judaism called ?
how do you say 2 in latin ?
what is the most populated city in the world ?
which of the following celebrities was not born in philadelphia ?
which former ku klux klan member won an elected office in the u s ?
what former royal palace has served as a granary , prison , arsenal , leper colony , mint , telegraph station and whorehouse before becoming an art museum ?
why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in california ?
what is the origin and the meaning of the name , `` hajo ? ''
how do you write a book report ?
whose kidnaping was termed the crime of the century ?
what baseball great plugged mr coffee ?
what is the chance of conceiving quadruplets ?
what instrument does benny carter play ?
where can i find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?
how does the tail affect the flight of a kite ?
how does ultraviolet light damage the dna of skin cells ?
what was the name of the director of the movie `` jaws '' ?
where does `` bovine '' come from ?
what is the fear of being loved ?
what do i need to learn to design web pages ?
what actor came to dinner in guess who 's coming to dinner ?
what is the origin of the word `` teddy bear '' ?
where was christopher columbus born ?
what time of year has the most air travel ?
who was the first american in space ?
what four tournaments make up tennis ' grand slam ?
who wrote `` the scarlet letter '' ?
where on the internet can i get chemicals importers ?
what are the benefits of home school ?
what clause in the u s constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?
what is the speed of the mississippi river ?
what is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
how is paraguay for vacations ?
who invented the stock ticker in 1870 ?
what book is the follow up to future shock ?
where in a tree does photosynthesis occur ?
what makes thunder ?
what is the origin of the name katie ?
who markets spaghetti o 's ?
what does iq stand for ?
which hair care product told us `` hate that gray , wash it away '' ?
what is a fear of sleep ?
what 's the setting of john le carre 's a small town in germany ?
what company sells the most greeting cards ?
what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
what was another name for east germany ?
what is an auto commentary ?
how many types of lemurs are there ?
how many languages does the pope speak ?
how do you get to the top of the eiffel tower ?
what comic of tv 's golden age went by the motto `` anything for a laugh '' ?
where is the virtual desk reference ?
why should cigarette smoking be banned ?
what american naval officer broke japan 's isolationist policy in 1853 ?
what is a bone marrow transplant ?
how many fiddlers did old king cole have ?
what county is chicago in ?
why are eggs supposed to be stored small end down ?
what made the short lived star hawks strip so unique ?
where can i find the names of all the 15 pokemon ?
what is the name of a greek god ?
what prompted the co pilot of the enola gay to enter only `` my god '' in his log ?
how many species of sharks are there ?
how many colors was the 1940s collectible called a donald duck rubber boat ?
how do i impress a guy ?
what is the name of the islamic counterpart to the red cross ?
what meter was invented by c c magee in 1935 ?
what is the chemical composition of a barbie ?
what is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?
what erupts every hour at yellowstone national park ?
what president once told gene autry `` please give my regards to your wife dale '' ?
how many sides does an obelisk have ?
what 's the most common non contagious disease in the world ?
what is the starting salary of a radiographer ?
what u s state 's biggest lake is lake sam rayburn ?
what was the name of the flight that fawaz younis hijacked ?
what was the name of the peace agreement imposed on germany after world war i ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball for ?
what does 7847 5943 equal ?
what country buys 25 percent of the world 's tea exports ?
what is platinum ?
what game do steve mcqueen and edward g robinson play in the cincinnati kid ?
who coined the term nn cyberspace `` in his novel nn neuromancer '' ?
what was the date of cnn 's first broadcast ?
what meat complemented sweet potatoes and peas in the first tv dinner ?
what is the population of the largest chilean city
how do i tie a tie ?
what kind of sports team is the buffalo sabres ?
how many fingers are used to draw a bow ?
what is the chemical formula for napalm ?
what feminist wrote sexual politics and flying ?
who was the first x man to die in battle ?
what are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?
whose husbands have included conrad hilton jr , and michael wilding ?
on what river is rome built ?
how does an ion drive work ?
who wrote the song , `` stardust '' ?
what is real time processing ?
who starred with charlie chaplin in modern times and the great dictator ?
who is westview high 's band director in funky winkerbean ?
what is porphyria ?
what does hazmat stand for ?
name a civil war battlefield
what island has a park called the battery at is southern tip ?
what is a golf ball made of ?
what was the name of the confederate mounted guerrilla group with which jesse james and coleman younger had ridden ?
what is office automation ?
what product features a frog that says `` dig 'em '' ?
how many bytes are in a terabyte ?
what ocean did the titanic sink in ?
who is the one independent member of congress ?
what is fellatio ?
what are field effect transistors ?
what sign is the water carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?
what hermann hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?
what famed river flows through bagdad ?
who wrote the ugly duckling ?
what was the food of the greek gods called ?
who was the oldest u s president ?
what two countries ' coastlines border the bay of biscay ?
what is the motto for the state of maryland ?
what color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?
what river flows past the temple of karnak ?
when did the american civil war end ?
when did lucelly garcia , a former ambassador of columbia to honduras , die ?
what made the finger lakes in western new york state ?
what is a storm surge ?
what is a fear of being alone ?
what color is an arctic fox in winter ?
how many earthworms are in a single pasture ?
what president to be was the first member of congress to enlist following the attack on pearl harbor ?
what was the name of the crimean meeting of roosevelt , churchill , and stalin ?
who appointed the chair of the federal reserve ?
who is king in alley oop 's home of moo ?
what are the ages in comic book lingo ?
when was the battle of the somme fought ?
what are the rules to `` snow golf '' ?
what country covers 8 , 600 , 387 square miles ?
what do you call a `` twirl '' in ballet ?
who is the actress bette davis once said she wished she looked like ?
what continent pushes up the executive committee mountain range ?
what does the word `` meta '' mean ?
who shot billy the kid ?
how many innings are there in a regulation softball game ?
whom did friz freleng add to the warner bros cartoon ranks ?
how can i call a friend in another country when i do not know the telephone number ?
what is the song stairway to heaven by led zeppelin about ?
what character narrates treasure island ?
what is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?
what flower did vincent van gogh paint ?
what is the nickname of pennsylvania ?
what does the latin ante mortem mean ?
how did edith bunker die ?
what is olestra ?
who says , `` if you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?
what was the sequel to the pink panther ?
what kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?
what group starred in the movie rock around the clock ?
whose autobiography is titled yes i can ?
what year was the avery dennison company founded ?
how do you get a girl to have sex with you ?
what is the largest u s state east of the mississippi ?
who is the president of bolivia ?
where is the taj mahal ?
what 's the supreme policy making bureau of the soviet communist party ?
what soft drink held a national flavor poll in 1967 ?
what film did louise fletcher win the best actress oscar for ?
what cereal goes `` snap , crackle , pop '' ?
how much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740 tree ?
what german city do italians call the monaco of bavaria ?
what louisiana senator won a seat that had been held by his father and mother ?
what is the difference between the anus and the rectum ?
who killed more people , hitler or stalin ?
how many people live in cities ?
name the university of which woodrow wilson was president
how do you clean badly tarnished brass ?
what country 's capital is tirana ?
what south korean city is served by kimpo international airport ?
how do i increase my biceps ' size ?
what 's the term for a bet before cards are dealt ?
how many engines does a boeing 737 have ?
what artist 's studio was the bateau lavoir in montmartre ?
what does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
how was teddy roosevelt related to fdr ?
what causes blue balls ?
what is interlata internet service ?
what celebrity couple , when going through a divorce , divided their toilet paper into two equal piles ?
when was child labor abolished ?
what is the difference between a college and a university ?
name randy craft 's lawyer
how many quarts of whole milk is needed to make one pound of butter ?
what countries earn the most from tourism ?
when was franklin d roosevelt stricken with polio ?
what nutrients are for healthy bones and teeth ?
how many calories are there in soy sauce ?
how much salt is in the oceans ?
what scottish poet penned to a mouse and to a louse ?
how do i legally make my own will and testament ?
what u s state ends with a g ?
what is the greatest source of `` white '' magic in the marvel universe ?
what is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?
who established a viking colony in greenland about 985 ?
where is the valley of the kings ?
what is chiricahua the name of ?
what is the price for tuberculosis drugs ?
who developed potlatch ?
what do you call the feeling of having experienced something before ?
how many different vegetation zones are there ?
what types of water pollution are there ?
what botanical marvel did nebuchadnezzar build ?
when was cnn 's first broadcast ?
why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
what is the difference between terry cloth and french terry ?
on what continent is mozambique ?
where is the orinoco ?
who provides telephone service in orange county , california ?
what flag flies over wake island ?
who said of super bowl iii in 1969 `` we 'll win i guarantee it '' ?
who is henry butler ?
what four elements make up 90 percent of the human body ?
who invented the stethoscope ?
what category does the color pink denote in the trivial pursuit baby boomer edition ?
where can i find information on becoming a journalist ?
what is the meaning of `` cpr '' ?
when is the sun closest to the earth ?
what is the softest part of the body ?
what does ` psi ' stand for ?
where did the name daniel originate ?
how do you determine heating requirements for your home ?
what are the five basic swimming strokes ?
who has won the most super bowls ?
where on the internet can i get information about the fifth amendment on the american bill of rights ?
what apollo 11 astronaut minded the store while armstrong and aldrin made history ?
what russian composer 's prelude in c sharp minor brought him fame and fortune ?
what credit card features a centurion on its face ?
how come a doughnut has a hole in it ?
what was connecticut 's first constitution called ?
who took the toys donated for the doodyville orphans ' fund and kept them for himself ?
what is the highest continent ?
what is a fear of hell ?
who spoke the only word in mel brooks 's silent movie ?
who 's the founder and editor of the national review ?
what is the history of the soft drink mr pibb ?
name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?
what 's the meaning of the latin battle cry ad arma , ad arma
why do recipe books recommend starting with cold water when you boil something ?
what 's the slowest olympic swimming stroke ?
what was the v 8 juice slogan `` the tastebud '' ?
how do you do a bibliography with an unknown author ?
when was london 's docklands light railway constructed ?
who directed the first woody woodpecker cartoon ?
what sea surrounds the cayman islands ?
where was the ligurian republic , 1797 185 , ?
what is dick clark 's date of birth ?
what product 's ads claim that it `` eliminates odors , kills household germs , mold , and mildew '' ?
what is measured in curies ?
whose funeral train traveled from washington d c to springfield , illinois ?
when did the carolingian period begin ?
what cable network bills itself as `` the family entertainer '' ?
what is the definition of the term `` weapons system '' ?
how many people own pets ?
what country comes last in an alphabetical list ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
in what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what is the name of a salt lake city newspaper ?
what catch 22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen italian cities ?
who played the original charlie 's angels ?
what year did the war of 1812 begin ?
what chocolate company gives you a one pound kiss ?
what is widely used to detect birth defects ?
who painted mother and child ?
how many villi are found in the small intestine ?
what are the most common elements in the earth 's crust ?
what was the name of humphrey bogart 's club in casablanca ?
what famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of bugs moran 's outfit ?
what other name were the `` little rascals '' known as ?
why can 't ostriches fly ?
how many furlongs are there in a mile and a quarter recetrack ?
what continent 's second highest peak is mont blanc ?
what is the difference between a bottle and a jar ?
what was the living room war ?
what is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?
how do microwaves work ?
what does lloyd 's lutine bell announce ?
how many people was randy craft convicted of killing ?
what is the origin of the word assassinate ?
what is archimedes famous for ?
what currents affect the area of the shetland islands and orkney islands in the north sea ?
what is a good book to read for people who hate to read ?
what is different about the red and black fox ?
what common plant has a button , cap , cup , gills , and ring ?
what part of britain comprises the highlands , central lowlands , and southern uplands ?
what country is mount everest in ?
what drink is made up of rum , coconut milk and pineapple ?
name four comic strips about pilots
what is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?
who delivered his last newscast on march 6 , 1981 ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what is meant by `` capital market '' ?
who has more dna a man or a woman ?
what was john f kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?
what part of your body contains the corpus callosum ?
how deep is a fathom ?
what colorful sea 's region does greek legend say the amazons lived near ?
who directed citizen kane ?
where is basque country located ?
what department store heir is responsible for raising a three ton safe from the underwater wreckage of the andrea doria ?
who loved flash gordon besides dale ?
how many marx brothers were there ?
what time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
what race is 1 , 137 miles long ?
what 's an infant seal called ?
describe the finnish music personality salonen 's appearance
how much coca cola is drunk in one day in the world ?
what was the price of varian associates ' vacuum products division ?
what is the name of jamiroquai new album ?
what is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?
what was the `` dead man 's hand '' ?
what vehicles are raced in the tour de france ?
what 's the name of a golf course in myrtle beach ?
how long does a dog sleep ?
who received the will rogers award in 1989 ?
who was the first english circumnavigator of the globe ?
what is the youngest age a boy or girl can have an orgasm ?
who is the director and editor of the movie big starring tom hanks ?
who was the first black to be head coach of a major league pro sports team ?
what 's the name of the tiger that advertises for frosted flakes cereal ?
what u s vice president said `` some newspapers dispose of their garbage by printing it '' ?
with whom did bush compare saddam hussein ?
how many megawatts will the power project in indonesia , built by a consortium headed by mission energy of us , produce ?
when was ozzy osbourne born ?
what island is home to statues called mauis ?
what was the favorite sport of tom wolfe 's the pump house gang ?
how do i know if i am pregnant ?
what does a red flag mean in auto racing ?
what countries have the largest areas of forest ?
what is the name of the woman who was with john belushi when he died ?
what college enlivens hanover , new hampshire ?
how long does a human live ?
what is the busiest air travel season ?
what american poet wrote `` good fences make good neighbors '' ?
how do i find a snowboarding website ?
what predators exist on antarctica ?
what percentage of the silver production is done by independent silversmiths ?
what does el nino mean in spanish ?
what is carpal tunnel syndrome ?
what is occam 's razor ?
what is the most common name ?
the film `` jaws '' was made in what year ?
what is the horsepower of the shuttle boosters ?
name the fast food chain with the golden arches
what literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
what type of hunting are retrievers used for ?
how much would a black and white 1 cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it , ?
how many people die from tuberculosis each year ?
who is the voice of miss piggy ?
what frederick forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an african government by mercenaries ?
what 's the u s navy hymn ?
how much is clara peller being paid by wendy 's to say `` where 's the beef '' ?
what film featured a snarly character named kid shelleen ?
which comic strip was never turned into a broadway musical ?
who wrote the lyrics to porgy and bess ?
what do bee hives do in cranberry bogs ?
what is the price for aaa 's liability auto insurance ?
what do the names neil , mary , and anthony mean ?
what is a fear of ruin ?
how do i log on to home page at headquarters u s european command ?
who is desmond tutu ?
what will the increase be in the california gas tax by 2000 ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
what j r r tolkien book features gimli as a central character ?
what 2 statues did france give to other countries ?
what are the five richest countries in the world ?
what happened in the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
in what nation is edessa located nowadays ?
who was the 16th president of the united states ?
what is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?
what scandinavian capital is built on nine bridge connected islands ?
what city is sometimes called gotham ?
what are the names of all the seas in the world and what ocean do they drain into ?
who is the richest person in the world ?
what is the aim 54c phoenix ?
who was the author of the book about computer hackers called `` the cuckoo 's egg tracking a spy through the maze of computer espionage '' ?
how do you make dumplings ?
what does it take to become a lawyer ?
what ill fated craft was captained by ernst lehmann ?
how does marl form and what mineral does it contain ?
how many beanie baby sites are there ?
where 's the 19th hole on a golf course ?
what is the correct way to abbreviate cc at the bottom of a business letter ?
how do wasps make their nests ?
how does hair curl ?
when it 's time to relax , what one beer stands clear ?
where did the ukulele originate ?
what woman was time 's man of the year for 1952 ?
what song served as the closing theme of the johnny cash show ?
what are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?
what was the backup singing group for roy rogers ?
how many people in tucson ?
what are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?
name the disposable razor that `` costs about 19 cents ''
when did spain and korea start ambassadorial relations ?
what does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?
when did muhammad live ?
what do hank aaron , jimmy stewart , and howard k smith have in common ?
what is the current unemployment rate in the u s ?
what was the first minimum wage ?
what are bottle caps with presidents ' pictures inside worth ?
what is the difference between neoclassical art and romanticism art ?
what count did alexandre dumas write about ?
what new england state carries the telephone area code 27 ?
how fast must a spacecraft travel to escape earth 's gravity ?
when was china 's first nuclear test ?
what is federal income tax ?
how do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?
what is the definition of low island ?
what songs were popular in 1948 ?
what is jane goodall known for ?
what island was the target of the u s 's operation urgent fury ?
what is a phalanx ?
what nation boarders mozambique ?
who is the incredible hulk in reality ?
where was pythagoras born ?
what two caribbean countries share the island of hispaniola ?
what is the web address at which i can find the e mail address of a member of the us house of representatives ?
why do they call it a `` funny bone '' ?
what king was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what constellation contains the twins castor and pollux ?
what airport is on the piccadilly subway line ?
what is lung cancer ?
what tools do you use to crewel ?
jackson pollock was a native of what country ?
what is the purpose of bios ?
how can i find online spelling ?
what plant is rum made from ?
what are the largest deserts in the world ?
how many people have been killed in wars , armed conflicts ?
what is a tonne ?
how do you exterminate bees that are in the walls of your home ? will bee eggs remain over winter ?
what army 's motto is blood and fire ?
what city is wiener schnitzel named for ?
what hockey team did wayne gretzky play for ?
what are the chemicals used in glowsticks ?
what hair color can i use to just cover a little gray ?
what tv detective did craig stevens play ?
when was the ussr dissolved ?
what is the name given to a group of geese ?
madonna advertises for what soft drink ?
where did dylan thomas die ?
what river flows through vienna , budapest and belgrade ?
what jewish holiday saw the start of the 1973 mideast war ?
who made the most appearances in the center square on hollywood squares ?
where did guinea pigs originate ?
name a movie that the actress , sandra bullock , had a role in
who wrote the song , `` silent night '' ?
what city houses the u s headquarters of procter and gamble ?
who is the prophet of the religion of islam ?
what comedian hit the tv screen in 1951 with the nbc afternoon show time for ernie ?
what was the name of hitler 's unsuccessful attempt to overthrow the bavarian government in munich in 1923 ?
which of the following tv newsmen was a rhodes scholar ?
what feud ended with a marriage in kentucky on march 21 , 1891 ?
what is the function of ram ?
what buxom blonde appeared on the cover of more than 5 magazines ?
where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?
where can i find a picture of a blue meanie ?
what country has declared one fifth of its territory off limits to russians ?
who is considered the first lady of the american stage ?
what is the size of the largest akita ?
what mountain range is traversed by the highest railroad in the world ?
where did the inuits live ?
name the various costumed personas of dr henry pym
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what kenyan city is the safari center for east africa ?
what is the origin of the word `` amen '' ?
what is a canada two penny black ?
who invented the paper clip ?
how many home runs did lou gehrig have during his career ?
why is rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?
where is erykah badu originally from ?
how long do you have to live in a community to vote ?
what level of government or governmental agency is responsible for dealing with racism ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
names of books by james a michener set in the following locations ?
when are the oscars academy awards in 1999 ?
what must be exceeded to produce a sonic boom ?
what 's the rathaus in frankfurt ?
how did the hohenzollerns build their power around 17 ?
how many acres in a mile ?
what is a fear of color ?
what characteristics contribute to its `` intelligence '' ?
what caribbean island is northeast of trinidad ?
how many hours of work does it take a typist to complete a 100 page screenplay ?
garry kasparov plays what game ?
what are the only two states that incorporate the confederate battle flag in their flags ?
what store does martha stewart advertise for ?
what is a drought ?
what 1956 grace metalious novel was on the best seller list for two years ?
what late night tv show features larry , bud , melman and toast on a stick ?
what letter does gorbachev 's middle name start with ?
what court does bob woodward describe in the brethren ?
what 's another name for aspartame ?
what country do the galapagos islands belong to ?
what fool is not so wise to lose an oath to win a paradise ?
in what deodorant commercial did tenants have adjoining medicine cabinets ?
how far can you see ?
what causes a person to have constantly sweaty hands and feet ?
what are the 28 tenses in the english language ?
what do you know about multicultural and multilingual schools ?
whom did lauren bacall marry after her husband humphrey bogart died ?
what is a meerkat ?
what is paracetamol ?
where are the u s headquarters for procter gamble ?
jude law acted in which film ?
ray charles plays which instrument ?
who 's the king of swing ?
name the poet of the poem which begins i do not know much about gods but i think that the river is a strong brown god sullen , and untamed ?
what does r e m stand for , as in the rock group r e m ?
how many times a year does the american gourd society publish the gourd ?
what does `` janelle '' mean ?
where in the americas is it only 47 miles from the atlantic to the pacific ?
who 's played the most games for the new york yankees ?
what were the three prophecies the witches make to macbeth ?
how long does it take for your body to restore blood after you donate your blood ?
what exactly , specifically does sleep do for you ?
what is the movie jonathan livingstone seagull ?
what sports event is meyer wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in the great gatsby ?
what breed of dog was the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what gender is not allowed to vote in kuwait ?
whose singing voice was dubbed in for natalie wood in west side story and audrey hepburn in my fair lady ?
what is the life span of the average monkey ?
what does final four refer to in the sports world ?
what was `` america 's recessed filter cigarette '' ?
what kind of patent did ermal fraze get in 1963 ?
how many miles are there between tel aviv , israel and memphis , tennessee ?
which country did hitler rule ?
what dickens novel has david carrying the message `` barkis is willin '' to peggy ?
what are fortune 500 companies ?
what is a plant supplement ?
what do peacocks mate with ?
what makes sperm ?
what color bottles do good rhine wines come in ?
what 's the first day of the week ?
what mediterranean island is home to the first club med ?
what river does the grand coulee dam dam ?
how old is the universe ?
who asked you to do the loco motion with her in 1962 ?
what was eduard shevardnadze 's job in the soviet union ?
what year did spielberg make `` jaws '' ?
what kind of animal is babar ?
what country boasts the most dams ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
what phone number can i call to have a tree planted ?
what soft drink not only has its own video game , but was featured in its own marvel comic book ?
how was the element calcium named ?
what is hdlc ?
what amount of money did the philippine ex dictator marcos steal from the treasury ?
who built the first pyramid ?
who was the lawyer for randy steven craft ?
what is the origin of gametophytic tissue ?
when was the parthenon built ?
what should you do for an ankle sprain ?
what playing card symbolizes death ?
where can i get cotton textiles importer details ?
who is the youngest of the beatles ?
what italian liner was hijacked in 1985 ?
who famously rode to warn the people of massachusetts that the british were coming ?
why are there 12 people on a jury in criminal cases ?
which police department made the all time biggest cocaine bust in ventura county ?
what does appropriates money mean ?
who was the last u s president to reinstate selective service registration ?
what is the weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?
what does venus retrograde mean ?
where is the abominable snowman said to wander ?
describe the long march
what is a chinese `` spouting '' bowl ?
how many stations do you shoot from in the basketball game `` around the world '' ?
what video format was an alternative to vhs ?
who used auh2o as an election slogan ?
what is titanium ?
what is a neurosurgeon ?
what is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
who was thucydides ?
name the highest mountain
what film dramatized the scopes monkey trial ?
what is the name of david letterman 's dog ?
what country was general douglas mcarthur in when he was recalled by president truman ?
who wrote sons and lovers ?
what is the temperature today ?
what was the reason for the partition of the anglican and vatican churches ?
what did jack exchange with the butcher for a handful of beans ?
what is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
who is the current prime minister and president of russia ?
what is the most advanced handheld calculator in the world ?
which of the following was rhodes scholar ?
what molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?
how many neurons are in the human brain ?
what desert country borders saudi arabia , iraq and the persian gulf ?
who made the first gas engine ?
who released the internet worm in the late 1980s ?
what are the three winter months in the southern hemisphere ?
what is the first day of the week ?
where was lincoln assassinated ?
how many children under 18 are victims of some sort of physical abuse each year ?
what type of exercise burns the most calories ?
what happened to pepsi clear ?
what are the top boy names in the u s ?
what does storm wave mean in japanese ?
what is the location of edinburgh , scotland ?
what whisky is `` known by the company it keeps '' ?
how long does cocaine stay in your system ?
where are the busiest amtrak rail stations in the u s ?
when was the berlin wall erected ?
what is the average age a horse lives ?
how many u s presidents were assassinated during queen victoria 's reign ?
what 's the hardest substance in the human body ?
where is santa lucia ?
which large u s city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?
where was richard nixon when gerald ford became president ?
what american league baseball team 's worst finish between 1926 and 1964 was fourth ?
what do you need to do to marry someone in jail ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
what are the five most popular usenet groups ?
what have you not let a tennis ball do if you volley ?
what are the numbers that fit into fermont 's last theorem ?
what is candlemas day ?
where did woodstock take place ?
what are the side effects of mevacor ?
who founded the modern theory of probability ?
what is the average date when most malls begin putting up christmas holiday decorations ?
what explorer was nicknamed iberia 's pilot ?
what operating system do ibm compatible machines use ?
what is the term for the sum of all genetic material in a given organism ?
how do i e mail someone at aol com from yahoo com ?
who wrote ` hamlet ' ?
when did the dow first reach ?
where do you find information about the queensland national competition policy
how many people was randy craft convicted of murdering ?
what is the best brand for a laptop computer ?
what was the chivington massacre ?
what is the highest mountain in the world ?
how many inches tall is stuart little at birth ?
what is the internet2 ?
who was the first president to appoint a woman to head a cabinet ?
what makes a tornado turn ?
what was the name of roy rogers 's dog ?
how much of the earth 's surface is permanently frozen ?
independent silversmith 's account for what percentage of silver production ?
what 's the difference between carelessness and carefreeness ?
name a golf course in myrtle beach
what state does martha stewart live in ?
when did hitler come to power in germany ?
how far is the longest hole in 1 on any golf course and where did it happen ?
what 's the capital of iowa ?
what architect originated the glass house designed the chicago federal center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the california ranch house ?
what causes the body to shiver in cold temperatures ?
what two european countries are joined by the gran san bernardo pass ?
what 's bottled in jeroboams ?
who was the second man to walk on the moon ?
what state on the gulf of mexico has its lowest point five feet below sea level ?
name the company that used the line , `` even your best friend won 't tell you '' in its ad ?
what international organization was founded by clara barton ?
what tragedy befell the city of dogtown in 1899 ?
what does `` philebus like '' mean ?
what countries does the mont blanc tunnel join ?
what did benny carter play ?
how many years did it take james joyce to write ulysses ?
what animal do buffalo wings come from ?
when did nostradamus believe world war iii would begin ?
where is trinidad ?
what is software piracy ?
what happened in dogtown in 1899 to make that year remembered ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
what is the use of a 24 hour clock instead of a 12 hour clock ?
what did thomas paine write ?
what is the meaning of the name kathryn ?
how many yards are in 1 mile ?
what are the statistics for drunken drivers in maryland ?
what is the largest lake in north america ?
how many four star generals were there and who are they ?
who is edmund kemper ?
shea and gould had an office in los angeles for how long before closing it ?
what 1920s cowboy star rode tony the wonder horse ?
what composer was awarded the medal of honor by franklin d roosevelt ?
what were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?
what is goldfinger 's first name ?
what bordering country is due north of costa rica ?
what does the policeman become in the canadian edition of monopoly ?
how many gallons of water go over niagra falls every second ?
what color is mr spock 's blood ?
what fictional character is known as the `` melancholy dane '' ?
what kind of wine is spumante ?
what city is terrorized by dracula in the night stalker ?
what are the wolverine habits ?
what is the hair style called that new military recruits receive ?
on which date is the ukrainians ' christmas ?
what knighted actor narrates tv 's the world at war ?
what is an urban legend ?
who was the prophet of the jewish people ?
what russian city used to be called st petersburg and petrograd ?
what is jell o made from ?
where does chocolate come from ?
where can you find the venus flytrap ?
who was the first russian astronaut to walk in space ?
what 's the literary term for a play on words ?
what is the nickname for the state of mississippi ?
to what does microsoft 's windows 3 owe its success ?
what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
what are the conjugations of wake and woke ?
what british tv series featured emma peel ?
name the largest country in south america
what is the acronym for the national bureau of investigation ?
how many minutes were there on the original ge college bowl clock ?
when does menstruation begin ?
how do i find a web address for a company ?
what are the two largest birds on earth ?
what is the history of `` the toast '' ?
how do you ask questions ?
what is mississippi 's state animal ?
colin powell is best known for what achievement ?
how long does a pig 's orgasm last ?
what 's the fifth largest country in the world ?
woodrow wilson served as president of what university ?
what is a person 's socioeconomic position ?
what u s city is the queen of the pacific ?
madonna hocks which soft drink ?
where is the highest point in japan ?
what state is john f kennedy buried in ?
name four famous cartoon cats
what pulitzer prize winning novelist ran for mayor of new york city ?
what is the chemical reactivity of argon ?
what are the seven virtues ?
when were fish first believed to be found on earth ?
what is the name of the country which hitler ruled ?
what type of currency is used in china ?
what was the name of the u s navy gunboat in the film the sand pebbles ?
how do ouija boards work ?
what mammal of north america is the world 's longest lived for its size ?
what date is richard nixon 's birthday ?
what are cushman and wakefield known for ?
what was the name of the titanic 's captain ?
what is narcolepsy ?
which high schools are included in the south florida ice hockey league ?
who was the first actress to appear on a postage stamp ?
why does a woman have to be a virgin to be a nun ?
what year did the united states pass the copyright law ?
how many community chest cards are there in monopoly ?
where is the thomas edison museum ?
what is dick clark 's birthday ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what baseball team owner and sailor is known as the mouth of the south ?
what city or state do the most gay men live in ?
what u s senator once played basketball for the new york knicks ?
name a female figure skater
who does the advertizing for frito lay ?
what is the nursery rhyme rock a by baby about ?
what is the most commonly used 1 letter word in the english language ?
the jewish alphabet is known as what ?
what money was used by them ?
what card company sells christmas ornaments ?
how many students attend the university of massachusetts ?
why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
what did the yalta conference lead to ?
who was darius ?
how did p t barnum bill the diminutive charles s stratton ?
what are the distinct physical characterstics of the arabian horse ?
where is the official `` zero '' of the sea level ?
how many cities are there in utah ?
how can i determine the radius of an ellipse ?
what is a caldera ?
how was the kennedy money made ?
what natural attractions draw the most visitors in the united states ?
what cancer is commonly associated with aids ?
what do mormons believe ?
what is a swatch ?
what is the origin of `` beauty is in the eye of the beholder '' ?
what new england state covers 5 9 square miles ?
where did the name root beer come from ?
who moderated the first kennedy nixon tv debate ?
who sued the dannon yougurt company for using a character named ron raider for promotion ?
what singer sings `` oh boy '' ?
what causes headaches ?
what is the all time stock high of apple computer , and where can i find this information ?
what actor said in a day at the races `` either he 's dead or my watch has stopped '' ?
where can i find a list of `` classic '' books 5th and 6th graders should read ?
where did honecker rule ?
how does a chick breathe inside an egg ?
what was the claim to fame of the football game that saw fordham defeat waynesburg state 12601 on september 3 , 1939 ?
where can i find information on the cyclone that hit new jersey on 8 28 1941 ?
what 's been the ruin of many a poor boy in new orleans ?
what does robert mean ?
who sells viagra ?
who said `` old soldiers never die they just fade away '' ?
what actress holds the record for the most appearances on the cover of life ?
what are some fun things to do in cozumel , mexico for teenagers ?
where are zebras most likely found ?
what is the highest roman numeral ?
what is the capital of uruguay ?
what are the historical trials following world war ii called ?
what was the top box office movie in april 1998 ?
who is the president of stanford university ?
how many maids were milking ?
what 's mrs bridges 's job on tv 's upstairs , downstairs ?
what are a baseball team 's firemen ?
what was the proper laugh in respones to `` say goodnight , dick '' ?
in waugh 's `` a handful of dust , '' what does the mad old man force the hero to do every afternoon ?
what four u s states have active volcanoes ?
what is the scotch `` for people who know the difference '' ?
what batman character tools around on a batcycle ?
what is the brand name of the chemical daminozide ?
what asian leader was known as the little brown saint ?
why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?
what is the world 's highest peak ?
what developed a crack in 1835 while tolling the death of u s chief justice john marshall ?
how many varieties of apple are there ?
which two products use a tiger as their symbol ?
how many men died building the mackinaw bridge ?
how hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
what is the history of spartacus , the roman slave and gladiator ?
what does knight ridder publish ?
what is the life expectancy of an elephant ?
what wheel did blaise pascal invent in a search for perpetual motion ?
how many miles of corridors are in the pentagon ?
what is a language spoken by the sioux ?
what is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
how many countries watch mtv europe ?
what schools in the washington , dc nn nn vbp nn nn nn nn
where did marijuana come from ?
cnn is the abbreviation for what ?
what is a heuristic ?
what causes rust ?
what color is the cross on switzerland 's flag ?
what is the daily requirement of folic acid for an expectant mother ?
how can i transport files from one computer to another ?
how many miles is it to ohio from north carolina ?
which japanese car maker had its biggest percentage of sale in the domestic market ?
what is the origin of the word `` pallbearer ? ''
why is indiglo called indiglo ?
who was the 3rd president of the united states ?
whose cupboard was bare ?
what is the distinction of erle stanley gardner 's the case of the terrified typist ?
how much money did the marcos steal from their country ?
how much did the minimum wage amount to in 1991 ?
how much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the tokyo institute of technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?
what is the lost colony ?
in what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?
what is a wop ?
what are the most common breeding birds in the u s ?
name a french fascist party
how long does it take to travel from tokyo to niigata ?
where can i find an ask an expert site ?
what french seaport claims to be the home of wines ?
who was credited with saying `` i never met a man i did n't like '' ?
in what sport are these following numbers relevant 118 , 126 , 134 , 142 , 15 , 158 , 167 , 177 , and 19 ?
how many names are there for eskimo people ?
what golfing accessory was patented by george grant on december 12
what is a hyperlink ?
what is website of the international court of justice ?
what is saltpeter ?
who is the famous sister of actress olivia de havilland ?
what are the alveoli ?
what significant battle was fought in belgium in 1815 ?
what does idle mean ?
how long is the world 's largest ship , in meters ?
how many were in attendance at the last supper ?
what are the top vegetable crops in the world ?
what are the `` star wars '' satellites ?
what george harrison tune sounded too much like he 's so fine by the chiffons ?
where is the oldest living thing on earth ?
what do the 12 days of christmas mean ?
what country are you in if you woo in the wu dialect ?
where does the expression `` cloud nine '' come from ?
who was international olympic committee chairman at the 1936 summer games ?
what company is being bought by yahoo and how much is the deal worth ?
what famed library can you reach by dialing 22 287 5 ?
where is the statistical abstract of the united states online ?
what country boasts cawdor castle , glamis castle , and blair castle ?
what tennis player has the nickname `` nasty '' ?
where can i find detailed information about manchukuo ?
what is the history of the hairdryer ?
what 's the population of biloxi , mississippi ?
who was randy steven craft 's lawyer ?
why is hockey so violent ?
what is a fear of touching ?
what book opens `` at a certain village in la mancha , which i shall not name '' ?
what is betsy ross famous for ?
what is the best online games site ?
when superman needs to get away from it all , where does he go ?
why do oceans contain salt water instead of fresh water ?
where did the marriage ceremony come from ?
what u s state records the least rainfall ?
what is the name of the dog on the cracker jack box ?
what was hitler 's favorite movie ?
what is the fare cost for the round trip between new york and london on concorde ?
which is the largest clock , diameter wise , in europe ?
what is the most heavily caffeinated soft drink ?
when did the original howdy doody show go off the air ?
how big is the universe actually ?
what do hasidic jews refrain from while dating ?
which rockefeller was sometimes called `` jdr3 '' ?
how many people live in tokyo ?
what kind of weapons were used in medieval warfare ?
which of the following did not receive a 1983 `` outstanding mother award '' from the national mother 's day committee ?
what seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
who is behind the name of the harvey wallbanger drink ?
in what year did joe dimaggio compile his 56 game hitting streak ?
what household products are there for adult acne ?
why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?
how many characters are in the chinese alphabet ?
what is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
how many states did richard nixon carry in 1972 ?
what is yohimbine ?
what `` marvelous '' major league baseball player is now a spokesman for a beer company ?
what was the name of the cook on rawhide ?
what is the largest snake in the world ?
in what year did thatcher gain power ?
what 's a `` drinker respirator '' better known as ?
who is luke skywalker 's father ?
who invented the fountain ?
who portrayed the cowardly lion in the wizard of oz ?
what is president nixon 's birthdate ?
where can i get u s economic statistics ?
why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?
in what part of the world is mozambique ?
what is the protection rate of using condoms ?
which company created the internet browser mosaic ?
what state was named the green mountain state ?
where does tuberculosis come from ?
what city has a newspaper called the plain dealer ?
how did the jack o ' lantern get it 's name ?
what country did king wenceslas rule ?
what day of the week was july 13 ?
when did the neanderthal man live ?
what is the fastest computer ?
how many websites are there in the world ?
what 's comic strip photographer peter parker 's secret identity ?
what do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
what does the abbreviation cwt ?
what is state tree of nebraska ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
where can i learn about samuel gompers ?
who is malaysia 's 43rd prime minister ?
what u s state is mammoth cave national park in ?
whose first presidential order was `` let 's get this goddamn thing airborne '' ?
where in the united states do people live the longest ?
who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?
which ventura county police department seized the largest cocaine shipment in it 's history ?
what is the primary language of the philippines ?
where can i find a tape or book to help me say , write and understand japanese ?
what sport was the first televised in the u s ?
which condiment was once sold as a patent medicine ?
how is thalassemia defined ?
what was the u s highway death toll in 1969 ?
who followed up his first two underwater thrillers with the girl of the sea of cortez ?
what european country boasts the city of furth , found where the rivers rednitz and pegnitz converge ?
what is a fear of crystals or glass ?
how many teaspoons make up a tablespoon ?
what 19th century painter died in the marquesas islands ?
what islands got their name from the spanish baja mar , meaning shallow water ?
what toy company is the world 's no 1 maker of female apparel ?
what spy novelist served as moscow correspondent for reuter and the times of london ?
why do you say `` god bless you '' when people sneeze ?
what is the best way to overcome a fear ?
how can i gain access to a spy satelite ?
how many people were executed for abraham lincoln 's assassination ?
what country saw the origin of the asian flu ?
what drug did sigmund freud become fascinated with while experimenting with the treatment of neurasthenia ?
what 's the only work by michelangelo that bears his signature ?
what is the difference between a classical and an acoustic guitar ?
how do boats float ?
where is natchitoches , louisiana ?
what do flatfish eat ?
what country boasts ismail 's palace and the palace of king farouk ?
what 's the name of a hotel in indianapolis ?
what is a technique popularly used to detect birth defects ?
name a band which was famous in the 1960 's
what is literary criticism ?
what are my legal rights in an automobile repossession in california ?
how do i love thee ?
what does the word affiant mean ?
what actor learned to play the saxophone and speak russian for a role in a movie ?
how long is the coney island boardwalk ?
where can i find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?
where did bocci originate ?
what title did suzette charles assume for two months in 1984 ?
why did egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
whom did the chicago bulls beat in the 1993 championship ?
what state did anita bryant represent in the 1959 miss america contest ?
where was george washington born ?
what is bella abzug 's sartorial trademark ?
how many watts make a kilowatt ?
what problems contributed to the high failure rate of plains farmers in the 1800s ?
what is the population of arcadia , florida ?
what is the `` coppertop '' battery ?
how do you clean an lcd monitor screen ?
who is the nebbish that is marvel 's official mascot ?
what game does garry kasparov play ?
what happens to the female body with lack of sleep and food ?
how many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?
how come light bulbs go out ?
who was shot in the back during a poker game in deadwood , the dakota territory ?
name the only extant trilogy of classical greek plays
what do insects do through their spiracles ?
what series of trials followed world war ii ?
who followed caesar ?
who was monet ?
what is the purpose of the sysrq key on my computer keyboard ?
what does the name calder mean ?
what color is the lipstick on boy george 's wax lips at london 's madame tussaud 's ?
what north american city boasts the biggest polish population ?
what does ribavirin consist of ?
what is the origin of thank you notes ?
what 's the term for a young fox ?
how big is australia ?
what are some good exercises for kids to do ?
what did tristan come back as ?
in what city is the famed st mark 's square ?
what company produces spumante ?
what are the largest libraries in the us ?
what dangles over the tongue from the palate ?
what has to be produced in a writ of habeas corpus ?
what is form drag ?
what is the difference between a preface and a foreword ?
who claims to have the greatest show on earth ?
what is a virtual ip address ?
how long does the average domesticated ferret live ?
what steps can be taken to prevent diabetes ?
why shouldn 't you remove a bee stinger with tweezers ?
what are the words to `` my way '' written by paul anka ?
what is the best distance education university or college ?
what is the collective noun for geese ?
when was the first wall street journal published ?
which company claimed to be `` the world 's biggest toy store '' ?
who took over as conductor of the boston pops after arthur fiedler 's long reign ?
what is idealab ! ?
who is the composer of `` canon in d major '' ?
what u s state boasts stone mountain , the world 's largest mass of exposed granite ?
why do girls have to wear training bras ?
what film had bette davis creating a scandal by wearing a daring red gown to a society ball ?
what is the salary of a u s representative ?
what u s state includes the san juan islands ?
who are cartoondom 's super six ?
what river runs through colorado , kansas , and oklahoma ?
what name does the world know renaissance artist kyriakos theotokopoulos by ?
how do anti locking brakes work ?
about how many soldiers died in world war ii ?
what does a farrier put shoes on ?
what are the major companies that are part of dow jones ?
what net game sees its women 's world amateur champions receive the uber cup ?
what is the size of the student body at the university of massachusetts in amherst ?
what 2th century fictional character attends pencey prep school ?
what was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the eagles in super bowl xv ?
what actress 's autobiography is titled shelley also known as shirley ?
who directed `` jaws '' ?
aspartame is known by what other name ?
what is ram in the computer ?
what century did art 's romantic period begin in ?
how long do you have to pay back debt after claiming chapter 11 bankruptcy ?
what does a collier mine ?
what is the gay science ?
who wrote the bible ?
when was berlin 's brandenburg gate erected ?
where are diamonds mined ?
what chemical in red wine is good for the heart and what exactly does it do to your body ?
what was the name of baretta 's cockatoo ?
what color are the castellated walls of the kremlin ?
what was the name of the movie that starred sharon stone and arnold schwarzenegger ?
what is the name of the american who was captured when his plane went down over syrian held lebanon ?
where are the austerlitz and victor hugo subway stops ?
how many states have a lottery ?
what good are mosquitoes ?
what was called the world 's largest department store ?
a normal human pregnancy lasts how many months ?
what astronomical phenomenon takes place in jan 1999 ?
what is california 's state bird ?
what country has the highest arson rate ?
what does the double o indicate in 007 ?
how many cubic feet of space does a gallon of water occupy ?
how does a parachute work ?
what is november 's birthstone ?
what countries have the highest ratio of university students ?
what fastener did whitcomb judson patent in 1893 ?
who killed gandhi ?
what jules verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine nautilus ?
what city is found in the city of oz ?
what state has the most indians ?
what were hairy bank notes in the fur trade ?
name the story by chris van allsburg in the which a boy tries to become a great sailor ?
whom does uncle duke 's girl friend , honey , room with ?
what people make up half the soviet union 's population ?
what is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
what was al capone finally imprisoned for , in 1931 ?
why do magnets attract ?
what is hydrogen ?
how many cables support the main span of the golden gate bridge ?
what london museum features a chamber of horrors ?
what states do not have state income tax ?
what are the twin cities ?
what was spawned the term `` mig alley '' ?
why do people in the upper peninsula of michagin say `` eh ? '' ?
what tv series features the adventures of a married couple named jonathan and jennifer ?
what is the fastest growing comic strip of all time ?
which country is known as `` big bear '' ?
how do i find info about rice importers in the world ?
which of the following people is not associated with andy warhol ?
what is ` last chance for animals ' ?
when was the hoover dam constructed ?
what company was the original sponsor of tv 's superman ?
where are good science sites on the internet ?
what household facility contains a float ball , ballcock , and overflow tube ?
what age followed the bronze age ?
what did john hinckley do to impress jodie foster ?
what kind of company is 7 eleven ?
where on the internet can i find information on laundry detergent ?
who wrote nn dt nnp nnp '' ?
what former african leader held his country 's boxing title for nine years ?
where can i find a person 's address from a telephone number ?
what after dinner treat was invented in 1916 at the george jung noodle factory in los angeles ?
why are the rooftops in canada green ?
who painted the sistine chapel ?
how many member states are in the un ?
where can i find correct tabs for third eye blind songs ?
what kind of greeting is appropriate to send on yom kippur ?
how does it make its colors ?
who was the first american citizen awarded the albert medal of the society of arts ?
how much does it cost , average or whatever is available , to produce and send junk mail catalogues in the us ? , dt cd nn nn ,
what was the name of betty boop 's dog ?
what blood sport features a movement called a veronica ?
what was al capone 's nickname ?
what does verdandi mean ?
what is the longest running television series ?
what effect does friction have on perpetual motion ?
what is the longest river in the united states ?
what is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42 3 quintillion potential combinations ?
who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the kalahari desert in africa ?
how many trees go into paper making in a year ?
what is the average cost for four years of medical school ?
who discovered electricity ?
what is afs ?
what asian gulf were the destroyers maddox and c turner joy shot up in ?
what are the shortest and the longest songs ever produced ?
what famous film and tv cowboy lent his name to a fast food chain ?
what is the kashmir issue ?
who invented the radio ?
what percentage of all world tornados touch down in the us ?
what u s general died december 1 , 1945 , when his jeep collided with a truck ?
what is the secret of the universe ?
what green bay packers coach philosophized `` there 's nothing that stokes the fire like hate '' ?
how do you identify prime numbers ?
when is the jimmy buffett concert coming to the e center in camden nj ?
when is bastille day ?
how is plastic made ?
what is the term that describes a word where only one usage has been recorded in all literature ?
why is thanksgiving on a thursday ?
who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?
how can i get in touch with michael moore of `` roger me '' ?
what are faults in the earth 's crust ?
what does camera ready art mean ?
what are tourist attractions in reims ?
what state in the u s has the most blacks ?
what is the cost of the drugs used in tuberculosis treatments ?
what are binomial coefficients ?
what are the names of jack 's original roommates on three 's company ?
what does g m t stand for ?
what 's the second lightest element ?
how can i get started in writing for television ?
how big is the largest diamond ?
how many major nazi leaders went on trial after the war at nuremberg ?
what are the seven deadly sins ?
where can i find full written draft of ctbt ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
what do you get by mixing gin and vermouth ?
how long does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
what is the wingspan of a condor ?
where did hillary clinton graduate college ?
what year was janet jackson 's first album released ?
who won the battle of gettysburg ?
what software offers inventors use of cad like design ?
what beer advertised that it had `` three rings '' ?
what first name was nipsy russell given at birth ?
in what year was the movie the ten commandments released ?
what is the fear of cockroaches called ?
how can i find out how much income tax is paid on social security income on the 1998 income tax ?
what is larry king 's job ?
how much time does the blinking of an eye take ?
what is a film starring jude law ?
what is bombay duck ?
what is the electronic device used to produce visual displays corresponding to electric signals ?
who was chairman of the senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of watergate ?
what type of bridge is the golden gate bridge ?
what future movie treat was introduced to american colonists in 1603 by native americans ?
what is a research expedition in mountain climbing ?
what was the importance of magellan ?
who were the only two bald u s presidents ?
how many calories are there in a big mac ?
how long do flies live ?
what country contains the highest point in south america ?
how is it correct to say ` qigong ' ?
how big is a normal size penis for a 15 year old ?
what is the difference between love and infatuation ?
what does god create in the first sentence of the bible ?
who domesticated the wild turkey ?
what 's the official animal of canada ?
where did the term `` 86 '' come from ?
name the ranger who was always after yogi bear
which airplane was fawaz younis convicted of hijacking ?
what is the origin of head lice ?
what is dudley do right 's horse 's name ?
what is judy garland 's date of birth ?
what species is a colt ?
what 's the fahrenheit equivalent of zero degrees centigrade ?
what country has the port of haifa ?
what is deet ?
how much folic acid should a pregnant woman get each day ?
what drug is often used to treat aids patients ?
where is procter gamble headquartered in the u s ?
what is the celtic symbol for `` life '' ?
what are halloween 's colors ?
who made the first surfboard ?
who asked the musical question `` have you ever been to electric lady land ? ''
what does a resurrectionist steal ?
what does the six footed musca domestica become when it enters a house ?
what is a person called that likes fire ?
how does rabies spread ?
who was the columbia pictures head who forged actor cliff robertson 's name on a 1 , 000 check ?
what 's the only east european country not tied to the ruble ?
what do we call the imaginary line along the top of the rocky mountains ?
how much does a new railroad coal car cost ?
what celestial body has a diameter of 864 , 000 miles ?
what is the golden rule ?
who invented the moog synthesizer ?
name the two youngsters saved by the animated moby dick
what is larry king 's occupation ?
what square is the geographical center of london ?
what 's the world 's most common compound ?
who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly developed man ?
how many small businesses are there in the united states ?
when is a woman most fertile ?
why was washington , dc originally called district of columbia ?
who killed martin luther king ?
what kind of business is 7 eleven ?
what major victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
what 's a water funnel ?
who was chosen to be the first black chairman of the military joint chiefs of staff ?
what is gymnophobia ?
what is bill gross 's email address ?
how can i find a list of celebrities ' real names ?
when was the big thompson flood ?
where can i buy a pony on the big island for my daughter ?
how long did shea and gould practice law in los angeles ?
what organization did mr waverly assign agents for ?
which ear can most people hear better with ?
what makes you fat ?
what city is served by logan international airport ?
what football coach 's story was told in the movie run to daylight ?
what do christian scientists believe in ?
what baseball expression came from the nautical term for ships sailing between the atlantic and pacific before the panama canal ?
what is the snowiest city in the u s ?
what class of animals makes up more than two thirds of known species ?
where were the 196 summer olympics held ?
what famous singing cowboy owns the california angels baseball team ?
what is the name of the deranged super criminal otto octavius uses ?
how does psorisis disappear ?
who co starred with julie andrews in mary poppins ?
where can i find the lyrics for the song ` getting married today ' from the musical ` company ' ?
who is stationed at camp swampy in the comic strips ?
what was the name of randy craft 's lawyer ?
how do i contact answers com direct ?
what country 's capital was formed when pesth and buda merged ?
what is rcd ?
how hot should the oven be when making peachy oat muffins ?
where can i find book reviews of `` turbulent souls '' ?
what country did the nile river originate in ?
what 's the most extensively grown and eaten food ?
what baseball star turned down a 1 , 000 a year contract because he felt he had n't earned it ?
how long do cardinal eggs incubate ?
what state capital comes last alphabetically ?
what is drew barrymore 's middle name ?
who was samuel johnsons 's friend and biographer ?
what is a society ruled by elders ?
when was the congress of vienna ?
what is the only vegetable that starts with `` z '' ?
what is the meaning of w b yeat 's poem , `` the three hermits ? ''
whose special bear 's creator was born on january 18 , 1779 ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
how close a cousin was franklin d to theodore roosevelt ?
what is the economic impact of unemployment on the economy ?
what actress starred in `` the lion in winter '' ?
what national basketball association superstar told his story in giant steps ?
what is the most famous german word in the english language ?
what is the amount of money owed for illegally having a dog on a beach ?
what country surrounds san marino , the world 's smallest republic ?
how can someone become a federal agent ?
what does a phobophobe fear ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
what is the average time to kiss somene ?
what country is home to heineken beer ?
what is molybdenum ?
how many rows of whiskers does a cat have ?
what invention does the principle of conservation of energy make impossible ?
where was tesla born ?
in what film did steven spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?
when was the san francisco fire ?
where can i get information and statistics on countries and nations ?
who found hawaii ?
what do you call a poker hand with five cards of the same suit ?
what day of the week sees the most fatal car accidents ?
how many athletes did puerto rico enter in the 1984 winter olympics ?
what 's the home of the rockettes ?
when did israel begin turning the gaza strip and jericho over to the plo ?
what is the name of the planet that the ewoks live on ?
which city in canada is the least populated ?
when did world war i start ?
what do sailors use to measure time ?
what was the name of aristotle onassis 's yacht ?
what does the donation process entail ?
how is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?
how can you be happy ?
what is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?
what peter blatty novel recounts the horrors of regan macneil 's possession by the devil ?
what is the name of the rare neurological disease with symptoms such as involuntary movements , tics , swearing , and incoherent vocalizations , grunts , shouts , etc ?
what ocean was amelia earhart flying over when she disappeared ?
what country was a terrible beauty to leon uris ?
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
what is the name of the inventor of silly putty ?
where did ty cobb grow up ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what is the first personal computer company ?
in what year was the first patent for the pull tab opener on cans obtained ?
what city has the two steepest streets in the u s ?
why did david koresh ask the fbi for a word processor ?
what is the world 's best selling cookie ?
what are some good medical sites for information ?
who are woody woodpecker 's niece and nephew ?
what was paul bunyan 's ox 's name ?
who won the first general election for president held in malawi in may 1994 ?
where did dikembe mutombo go to college ?
what cheery fellow got the zip code 9971 from the u s postal service in 1963 ?
how do you pronounce `` tzimisce '' ?
what caused harry houdini 's death ?
who did napolean defeat at jena and auerstadt ?
what causes tuberculosis ?
in what part of africa is mozambique located ?
what is latin for incompetent ?
what were the five opening words on ben casey ?
what fruit does the ficus produce ?
what country has the most time zones , with 11 ?
how do you become a dentist ?
who portrayed field marshal erwin rommel in the desert fox ?
who created the character of scrooge ?
how long were tyrannosaurus rex 's teeth ?
what movie did madilyn kahn star in with gene wilder ?
what is another name for nearsightedness ?
who is johnny carson ?
who headed hitler 's infamous gestapo ?
who was the architect of central park ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
what does hiv stand for ?
who is desmond tutu ?
what woman pitcher has struck out ted williams and hank aaron ?
what company makes impulse hardening equipment ?
the kentucky horse park is located near what city ?
where is tornado alley ?
where are the 49 steps ?
what are the greek numerals ?
what 's approaching when a cyclist shouts `` oil '' ?
who made the first airplane ?
what country did the allies invade in world war ii 's operation avalanche ?
what ability has the silkworm moth lost through domestication ?
what does ph stand for ?
how does the elongated man know a mystery is afoot ?
what is columbia tristar 's phone number ?
what color were ernest hemingway 's eyes ?
what group asked the musical question do you believe in magic ?
what television network flogged its sports programming on inga nielsen 's body in 197 ?
what is a fear of rejection ?
what are the short and long term effects of underage drinking ?
what animal has the biggest eyes ?
what is `` the great american family cereal '' ?
who is the director of intergovernmental affairs for the san diego county ?
what are the two cities in dicken 's `` a tale of two cities '' ?
when is the site www questions com going to open ?
what did the confederate constitution say about slavery ?
what is a geoscientist ?
what culture developed the idea of potlatch ?
what metropolis landmark was first introduced in the superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?
what is the fear of frogs ?
where can i find the history of the taiwanese language ?
what u s city is known as the rubber capital of the world ?
what is mark mcgwire 's e mail address ?
what sea is bombay on ?
what is meant by blood sed rate ?
what is the largest and most expensive freeway construction project in the u s right now ?
what was michelangelo 's last name ?
name a canine cartoon character other than huckleberry hound to have a voice by daws butler
what toy can you make sleep ?
what high school does archie attend ?
how do i know someone is truly in love with me ?
what were the trials called which followed world war ii ?
what president was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?
who was whitcomb judson ?
who said `` what contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ? ''
what was her real name ?
what term does a czech use to describe a pole ?
what cigarette is `` a whole new world '' ?
how many months does it take the moon to revolve around the earth ?
what holidays or observances are celebrated in italy ?
who is the owner of cnn ?
who wrote the book , `` the grinch who stole christmas '' ?
when was the last major eruption of mount st helens ?
what season begins with the vernal equinox ?
what tv series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at silver springs , florida ?
how much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?
what causes pneumonia ?
where are the busiest ports in the world ?
how would i find the price of different organs that have been donated ?
what u s general was court martialled for criticizing american air power ?
what does n est ce pas mean ?
what is he doing now ?
who is prince naseem hamed ?
what 1963 joseph l mankiewicz film cost 28 million ?
what japanese electronics company was named for a coastal city northeast of tokyo ?
what are the environmental influences on plant genetics ?
where was the first zoo in the u s ?
what is the population of japan ?
how many people did randy steven craft murder ?
whose image is alleged to be on the shroud of turin ?
where is webster university ?
name the first private citizen to fly in space
who was the first coach of the cleveland browns ?
who was the first american world chess champion ?
who is samuel f pickering ?
where did bill gates go to college ?
in which sport is there a `` scrum '' ?
when was `` the great depression '' ?
how many colored squares are there on a rubik 's cube ?
who invented the vacuum cleaner ?
what government department did the untouchables work for ?
where do the blackhawks maintain their operations ?
how many of every 10 members of the rodeo cowboys association have never worked a ranch ?
what does a topophobic actor suffer from ?
what does a deltiologist collect ?
what organization was founded by the rev jerry falwell ?
what war saw a naval battle between the luxury liners cap trafalgar and the carmania ?
who developed the first polio vaccine ?
who was the first american poet to win the nobel prize for literature , in 1948 ?
what does melissa mean ?
who starred in the movie the war of the worlds ?
what cigar chewing comedian observed `` you 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?
president bush compared saddam hussein to whom ?
which operating system runs on ibm compatible machines ?
what kind of file has the extension dbf ?
what 's the highest possible bid in contract bridge ?
what is the difference between a median and a mean ?
what 's an easy way to count the approximate number of fish in a lake ?
what 's the common name for a japanese dwarf tree ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
what corporation does madonna advertise for ?
how many mines can still be found in the falklands after the war ended ?
who killed caesar ?
what is the theory of equivalence states ?
how much did alaska cost when bought from russia ?
how much would a black and white 1 cent stamp be worth , thomas jefferson on it ?
what are the odds of giving birth to twins ?
who were leaders of the byzantine empire ?
what can one see in reims ?
who is coronado ?
what war did johnny reb and billy yank fight ?
what sprawling u s state boasts the most airports ?
what is the main ingredient of yogurt ?
what was thatcher 's first name ?
what 's a short ton ?
what body of water does the danube river flow into ?
when did the royal wedding of prince andrew and fergie take place ?
what is the most common kind of skin cancer in the u s ?
what happened to answers com ?
what classical spanish writer warned `` all that glitters is not gold '' ?
how can i find out which cities have cable modem access ?
what is the root of all evil ?
what four tastes can a human distinguish ?
how do you look up criminal records on the internet ?
what is the origin of the name ` scarlett ' ?
name the creator of `` the muppets ''
how can i get my product licensed by the nba ?
what month of the year is there no television in iceland ?
jude law was in what movie ?
what book was f scott fitzgerald working on when he died in hollywood in 194 ?
how many cullions does a male have ?
what country is kosovo a part of ?
who played for the chicago bears , houston oilers and oakland raiders in a 26 year pro football career ?
who portrayed maggio in the film from here to eternity ?
what is stefan edberg 's native country ?
how many jews were executed in concentration camps during wwii ?
what is a pyrotechnic display ?
what costume designer decided that michael jackson should only wear one glove ?
what newspaper serves salt lake city ?
which two states enclose chesapeake bay ?
who won the superbowl in ?
what is the time it takes a typist to type a screenplay that is 100 pages long ?
what are two plants that clothes are made from ?
who owns the rights on a tv program ?
what are the first names of rowan and martin , the stars of tv 's laugh in ?
what is the origin of the term soda jerk ?
in hemingway 's `` old man and the sea , '' what kind of fish does the old man catch ?
what is the best selling computer model ever ?
what is thalassemia ?
in what area of the world was the six day war fought ?
what fraction of a beaver 's life is spent swimming ?
how does one correctly pronounce ` qigong ' ?
how many times more than 3
what causes rust ?
what magazine gives us the cream , not the skim ?
what tv comedian worked with white fang , black tooth and pookie the lion ?
where is `` global schoolhouse '' ?
what does vcr stand for ?
how does a rainbow form ?
in which kevin costner movie did sioux indians play a role ?
when did the art of quilting begin ?
what were the first words spoken on a film sound track ?
what do penguins eat ?
what percentage of american men are alcoholic ?
what is supergirl 's secret identity ?
what was the vietnam war ?
what california bridge was don brown the first to cross , on may 27 , 1937 ?
which college did dikembe mutombo play basketball at ?
what john steinbeck novel portrays the joad family , driven from the oklahoma dustbowl ?
what nationality is a sicilian ?
what does an emperor do ?
what soviet leader owned a rolls royce ?
what does the channel espn stand for ?
what is a fear of weakness ?
what is mandibulofacial dysostosis ?
what 's the sequel to alice 's adventures in wonderland ?
what generation am i in ?
what caused the titanic to sink ?
when did mount st helen last have a major eruption ?
what harmful chemicals are in bug spray ?
what is the acreage of the chappellet vineyard ?
what does the name `` justin '' mean ?
how many members are in the california congressional delegation ?
what was dwight eisenhower 's favorite card game ?
what does a chef coddle eggs in ?
what was the name of captain bligh 's ship ?
what is the one thing you need before you can purchase life insurance ?
in what religion was isis the nature goddess ?
what name did football 's new york titans adopt in 1963 ?
what 's the longest river in the world ?
how many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?
what double talking `` professor '' holds a doctorate in nothing ?
how many american actors were nominated for the best actor oscar for 1983 ?
what year did rossetti paint `` beata beatrix '' ?
who recorded the 1957 hit tammy ?
what format was the major competition of vhs ?
how many people in the world speak french ?
what was the date of iraq 's invasion of kuwait ?
how did peabody and sherman travel through time ?
what is the virus hiv ?
what does a woman want ?
how is the element strontium purified ?
what was the name of the us helicopter pilot shot down over north korea ?
why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?
what was the previous name for the commonwealth ?
what president also became a supreme court justice ?
why were people recruited for the vietnam war ?
when did french revolutionaries storm the bastille ?
who fired maria ybarra from her position in san diego council ?
what 's the proud claim to fame of the young women who formed kappa alpha theta ?
why do roosters sing at five o 'clock in the morning ?
what kind of animal was winnie the pooh ?
what 's the second largest island in the world ?
how many people died because of a smoking problem in 1997 ?
what member of the little rascals has an on again , off again sweetheart in darla hood ?
what kind of fruit is a yellow transparent ?
of children between the ages of two and eleven , what percentage watch `` the simpsons '' ?
how long would it take to get from earth to mars ?
what cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?
what do a diamond and lump of coal have in common ?
what comedian was banned from the ed sullivan show for allegedly making an obscene gesture at the show 's host ?
what monarch signed the magna carta ?
what 's the maximum length , in inches , of a first baseman 's glove ?
what time of day did emperor hirohito die ?
what nfl team did vince lombardi end his coaching career with ?
what u s president had brothers in law in the confederate army ?
when did the vesuvius last erupt ?
what two countries are linked by the brenner pass ?
in ad 999 , what sort of celebrations , fears , were there ?
who would you use the heimlich maneuver on ?
what tom wolfe book is about the mercury astronauts ?
what program do i need to run a tbk file ?
what do bicornate animals have two of ?
how big is the chappellet vineyard ?
who banned peter rose from baseball for betting on games ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
who did bobby fischer beat to win the world chess championship ?
in dana 's `` two years before the mast , '' what seafarers lived in an abandoned oven on the beach at san diego ?
what is the english meaning of caliente ?
what do you get by adding lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
what is the gestation period for human pregnancies ?
where do the grimace and mayor mccheese live ?
what does larry king do for a living ?
how many israeli athletes were killed at the munich olympics ?
how do you recognize anorexia ?
what do chefs call the master spice ?
what newspaper returned a pulitzer prize for the fraudulent story jimmy 's world ?
what are the main blood vessels ?
what is a serigraph ?
how do i find out about jobs ?
when was cigarette advertising banned on television and radio ?
what is the shape of a football as stated in the nfl rulebook ?
how old is too old for a child to not be talking ?
who are the top ten richest people in the world ?
how much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
what is the address for the main government office in rome , italy ?
how does a submarine operate ?
how long did it take stanley to find livingstone ?
how did ` stat ' come to be used as an expression for quickly ?
who wrote ` dubliners ' ?
what is a fear of money ?
how many times has harold stassen announced a drive for the white house ?
what hockey player did ronald reagan joke he would swap texas for ?
who portrayed vincent van gogh in lust for life ?
what kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?
what comedienne calls her sister in law captain bligh and her mother in law moby dick ?
what party was winston churchill a member of ?
how tall is kilamanjaro ?
how many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?
what field sport did dentist william beers promote and write a standard book of rules for ?
where can i read about abraham lincoln ?
how many head injuries are there in recreational ice skating each year ?
who stopped making diary entries on may 31 , 1669 , because he thought he was going blind ?
how much did varian associates try to sell its vacuum products division to the boc group for ?
where is the kentucky horse park ?
what did louis cartier invent for aviator santos dumont in 1940 ?
how can you get rust stains out of clothing ?
what female painter produced primitives of rural new england life ?
what 1981 candice bergen jacqueline bisset movie was a remake of 1943 's old acquaintance ?
how many points is a bullseye worth in darts ?
what comedian has a legendary reputation for stealing jokes ?
what international sport was originally called hurley ?
what 's an auberge in france ?
what is an ecological niche ?
who is the president of ghana ?
what does a polyorchid man have at least three of ?
who won the rugby world cup in ?
what lewis carroll book introduced humpty dumpty to the world ?
what is a fear of black people ?
what is the circumorbital hematoma ?
what eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the u s ?
what is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in christmas trees ?
what kind of substance is dextropropoxyphen napsylate ?
what is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
what are the words to the song sung by `` banana in pajamas '' ?
what color are seven of every 10 houses in the u s ?
what did the congress of vienna establish ?
what is the best art and design school in the world ?
how long is the border between canada and the 48 conterminous states ?
where can i read about chiang kai shek ?
what 's the most commonly spoken language in belgium ?
in the song `` yankee doodle , '' why did yankee doodle stick a feather in his cap and call it macaroni ?
what card game has variations called canfield , klondike and spider ?
what australian city became the home of the america 's cup ?
how were the days of the week named ?
what does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?
what texas surgeon performed the first artificial heart transplant ?
what are the world 's four oceans ?
why are there letters on the telephone ? why are there no q or z ?
what is `` nine inch nails '' ?
what pillar of the dutch renaissance painted aristotle contemplating the bust of homer ?
what product did robert conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?
what will the california gas tax be in the year 2000 ?
what 's the largest u s city on the great lakes ?
what is the only primate to lack pigment in the palms of its hands ?
what famous husband and wife team did radio ads for blue nun wine ?
what is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?
what was the species of winnie the pooh ?
where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?
when did mount st helen last have a significant eruption ?
who 's the only man to have won the olympic decathlon twice ?
who invented batteries ?
what percentage of the body is muscle ?
what is hebephrenia ?
what writer is famous for physically putting himself into the center of his subject matter ?
who played maria in the film west side story ?
what war did the potsdam conference follow ?
what is pasta ?
what films featured the character popeye doyle ?
who were the yankee 's frequent enemies ?
what 's the green variety of beryl called ?
what is the name of a book written by aaron hass ?
how hot should the oven be when baking peachy oat muffins ?
who made the deodorant that claimed that it `` actually builds up resistance to odor '' ?
what is june 's birthstone ?
what impenetrable system of french fortifications was built along the german frontier before world war ii ?
how many games are played in a five team round robin tournament ?
who created big ben ?
what was the first tv set to include a remote control ?
what is a rhomboideus minor ?
what is the socratic method ?
how many three letter permutations can be made from the four letters c ?
what three european countries begin with the letter a ?
how many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
how do you find the area of a circle ?
where 's montenegro ?
mississippi is nicknamed what ?
what was thatcher 's approval rating after 10 years in power ?
what did vasco da gama discover ?
what is a fear of worms ?
how do i find out what cities are in a certain area code ?
how did rocky marciano die ?
what is the fear of the computer called ?
what line divided the north and south in the u s civil war ?
what 's the name of the wilkes plantation in gone with the wind ?
what is a fear of lice ?
what is the mission of nike ?
what is the origin of a m and p m ?
name the first russian astronaut to do a spacewalk
how do windmills work ?
what part of their attire were `` pothooks '' to cowboys of the old west ?
what are the highest paying odds on a roulette table ?
what new year is celebrated on february 16th ?
how many propellers helped power the plane the wright brothers flew into history ?
what are the ten safest american cities for pedestrians ?
what meter did shakespeare use in writing `` to be , or not to be , that is the question '' ?
what is a mexican hairless ?
what 's the colored part of the eye called ?
where are there aborigines ?
who is section manager for guidance and control systems at jpl ?
what does the word terrorism mean ?
what is the name of the indian who became prime minister by beating mrs gandhi in the 1977 election ?
what are the shoe sizes of o 'neal , jordan , and mutombo , the nba players ?
what onetime member of ronald reagan 's cabinet called federal policy toward indians `` an example of the failure of socialism '' ?
how can i find out what year a beanie baby was introduced ?
who did sara jane moore try to assassinate ?
what nevada center has been dubbed the biggest little city in the world ?
how much did manchester united spend on players in 1993 ?
what was a california prayer book to an old west gambler ?
what is the approximate population of las vegas , n m ?
what delicacy is known indelicately as pickled roe ?
what is the origin of the name igor ?
what new games are available for nintendo 64 ?
what 's the dumbest domesticated animal ?
what do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?
what japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?
what kind of mammal is a colt ?
where is procter gamble based in the u s ?
who led the opposition when konrad adenauer was chancellor in germany ?
what are snowballs to a hot rodder ?
where is the world 's most active volcano located ?
who replies `` i know '' to princess leia 's confession `` i love you '' in the empire strikes back ?
what did abolitionists try to end ?
what landmark italian restaurant can be found at 239 west 48th street , new york city ?
where did the saying `` rule of thumb '' come from ?
why do we call someone `` honey '' ?
what african country was founded by freed american slaves in 1847 ?
what qualifications are there for individuals donating blood ?
what attorney general ordered the closing of alcatraz ?
how do you ask a total stranger out on a date ?
how do you use an intranet ?
what are the largest breweries in the world ?
who created the comic strip , `` garfield '' ?
how much did the first barbie doll sell for in 1959 ?
where do chihuahuas come from ?
where can i look at a perpetual calendar ?
how many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?
what is the history of skateboarding ?
what is the dialogue circle in cartoons called ?
how tall was the animated king kong ?
where can i get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?
who was the bandleader mentor of ella fitzgerald with whom she cowrote `` a tisket , a tasket '' ?
what novel has big brother watching ?
what 's the distinction of u s supreme court justice thurgood marshall ?
what was the name of the 1899 policy forced on china by which all nations had equal trading rights ?
what was the first town to be chartered in vermont ?
what was the nationality of jackson pollock ?
what is the bernoulli principle ?
what is the name of miss india 1994 ?
what is the exchange rate for australian to american money ?
which member of the micronauts spent 1 years traveling the microverse in the marvel comics ?
what is home banking ?
what country lies directly south of detroit ?
what year were the olympic games played in where nadia comaneci became popular ?
who was the author of `` john brown 's body '' ?
who is the prime minister of japan ?
what are the nordic nations ?
what are the seven wonders of the world ?
what is the homelite inc home page ?
what civilization invented the arch ?
define sinn fein
what is tyvek ?
how many pitchers occupy the shelf beside the crouching woman in edgar degas 's 1886 painting the tub ?
what actor 's autobiography is titled all my yesterdays ?
what leon uris novel dealt with the russian capture of berlin ?
what is colin powell best known for ?
where was the cisalpine republic , 1797 185 , ?
what are some of the significant historical events of the 1990s ?
what 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?
who was the king who signed the magna carta ?
what was john steinbeck 's travelling companion charley ?
who leads the star ship enterprise in star trek ?
how much energy is released when oxygen and hydrogen mix ?
what is a softball made of ?
what was the claim to fame of explorer i , launched february 1 , 1958 ?
where can one find rider college ?
what is dry ice ?
where does dew come from ?
what is hypnotherapy ?
what is magnetar ?
what is a fear of hair ?
what happens when a body part falls asleep ?
who said `` give me liberty or give me death '' ?
how did serfdom develop in and then leave russia ?
what was the name of that popular song the creeps sang ?
who is snoopy 's arch enemy ?
what 's the red planet ?
what is a wet dream ?
what are amicable numbers ?
what makes salt ?
what are the four largest mountain ranges on the asian continent ?
what percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the amazon forests ?
what tv show did john sebastian sing the theme for ?
name the operating system that runs on ibm compatible machines
what is the name of the company that manufactures the `` american girl '' doll collection ?
what were the cities of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
how does lightning travel ?
what president became chief justice after his presidency ?
what army was founded by william booth and his wife catherine ?
what is worth seeing in reims ?
on what date did rosa parks become a symbol of the civil rights movement for refusing to give up her seat on the bus ?
what caused the lynmouth floods ?
what 1895 h g wells novel was written under the title the chronic argonauts ?
when was john d rockefeller born ?
what were first used by john l sullivan and james j corbett in 1892 ?
where is mile high stadium ?
who played al jolson in the jolson story ?
what is the proof that houseplants metabolize carcinogens ?
what writer journalist made his mark describing colorful broadway and underworld characters ?
what doctor claimed in a 1946 book `` there is no such thing as a bad boy '' ?
how many frames does a disk camera shoot ?
where is the largest post office building in the world ?
who accompanied space ghost on his missions ?
who invented the fax machine ?
what attorneys work for the center for the defense of free enterprise ?
what is the origin of the expression `` four letter word '' ?
how many people visit the pope each month ?
what did jimmy stewart invent ?
how do cameras take pictures ?
what element , from the periodic table , is a gas or a solid , but never a liquid ?
what are the three animals in sheila burnford 's the incredible journey ?
what is the size of argentina ?
what is the name of a language spoken by the sioux ?
which produces the longer sperm an elephant or a mouse ?
what kind of guitar did jimi hendrix play ?
what author of the days of our lives cookbook signed on in 198 as liz chandler in tv 's days of our lives ?
what is rona barrett 's married name ?
who else was considered for the role of luke skywalker when george lucas was casting for star wars ?
where can i find information about touring the philippines ?
why is poop sometimes different colors ?
how many lawyers are there in the state of new jersey ?
where was george washington born ?
what year did the vietnam war end ?
what japanese city was once called edo ?
what is `` alternative '' anymore ?
what format was vhs 's main competition ?
what sound does olympia , washington , overlook ?
which latin american country is the largest ?
how many stradivarius violins were ever made ?
what was nine tailors , the television show from 1974 , about ?
how many copies of an album must be sold for it to be a gold album ?
which infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what ever happened to the once popular yale lock company ?
where is the massive north korean nuclear complex located ?
who danced into stardom with fred astaire in 1941 's you 'll never get rich ?
what book did aaron hass write ?
what city 's the kickoff point for climbs of mount everest ?
what is color ?
what is a dangling participle ?
in what city is the us declaration of independence located ?
what features of the african elephant are larger than those of the indian elephant ?
what appointments secretary to richard nixon went to jail ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
why does cotton get caught in belly buttons ?
what city boasts penn 's landing , on the banks of the delaware river ?
what argentine boxer was shot dead outside a nevada brothel in may ?
what nevil shute novel is about the doomed survivors of a nuclear war ?
what is the longest english word ?
what future deer hunter portrayed annie hall 's neurotic brother , duane ?
what 's the second highest mountain in the world ?
what european city do nicois live in ?
how many double word score spaces are there on a scrabble crossword game board ?
what do the number 1 , 2 , and 4 mean on dr pepper bottles ?
what african capital is named for a u s president ?
how can i find out how much it costs to raise a baby for six months ?
cnn is an acronym for what ?
how did the tradition of best man start ?
who is the worst us president ever ?
what was the u s highway death toll in 1969 ?
what is the largest city in germany ?
how wide is the atlantic ocean ?
what ivy league school plays its home games at palmer stadium ?
name alvin 's brothers
what is a fear of robbers ?
what is a gandy dancer ?
where 's the gum department store ?
what fruit topped actress was known as the brazilian bombshell ?
what two us biochemists won the nobel prize in medicine in 1992 ?
where is the kalahari desert ?
what happens when lightning strikes a body of water ?
how do i find if my relatives were on the trail of tears ?
where did surfing originate ?
what were the causes of the civil war ?
how many times a day should you take a prescription marked `` q i d '' ?
what woman has carried the most multiple births , twins , triplets , etc , ?
what is widely used to detect prenatal birth defects ?
what shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?
what is `` the taste that beats the others cold '' ?
what business exports the sparkling wine spumante ?
what 12 hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?
who 's the only u s president to have won a pulitzer prize ?
what aesop 's fable has the moral `` the race is not always to the swift slow and steady is bound to win '' ?
how many americans fought for the british in the american revolution ?
what is the difference between college and graduate school ?
when did mount st helens last erupt ?
what did the forward thinking simon brothers bakery of chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?
what 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
who was the 15th century fire and brimstone monk who gained control of florence but ended burnt at the stake ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
what chapter of gone with the wind has rhett butler leaving scarlett o 'hara ?
what sun blasted , 14 mile wide valley is just north of the mojave desert ?
where is the group m people from ?
what is a fear of being dirty ?
what author did photographer yousuf karsh call `` the shiest man i ever met '' ?
how many islands does fiji have ?
what crop failure caused the irish famine ?
what film canine is buried in pere lachaise cemetery in paris ?
what kind of creature is a coot ?
whose video is titled shape up with arnold ?
what famous communist leader died in mexico city ?
what lake in scotland is said to hold one or more monsters ?
what is a biologist ?
how many bones are there in the human hand ?
what is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
what diamond producer controls about 80 of the world 's diamonds ?
what 's the better known identity of john merrick , the noble ogre of victorian england ?
how many e commerce companies are started every day ?
what is sinn fein ?
what does esa pekka salonen look like ?
what is the origin of the word marijuana ?
how can i get some free technical information on electric vehicle ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
what terrorist group was headed by donald defreeze ?
what country and western singer is known as the silver fox ?
who wrote the look of love after viewing ursula andress ?
where is amsterdam ?
what southwestern state is dubbed the silver state ?
what 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` silence of the lambs '' ?
what country is bounded in part by the indian ocean and coral and tasman seas ?
what star faring race brought about the inhumans on marvel 's earth ?
what singer 's hit song inspired the dolly parton stallone movie rhinestone ?
tell me what city the kentucky horse park is near ?
what is the population of kansas ?
what were the ceremony traditions like during the elizabethian times ?
what does nasdaq stand for ?
which comic book was not spawned directly from the pulp magazines ?
what is the classic definition of tragic hero ?
who was the lawyer who represented randy steven craft ?
for what disease is the drug sinemet used as a treatment ?
what country boasts the southernmost point in continental europe ?
what information can you get me on fairground park in st louis
what is a virtual ip address ?
how old was sir edmund hillary when he climbed mt everest ?
how many american soldiers have died for their country to date ?
why is black the color of mourning in the west ?
what else has the swastika stood for ?
what russian city boasts the hermitage museum ?
how many vietnamese were there in the soviet union ?
what is margaret thatcher known for ?
what title did shevardnadze have during the soviet era ?
what is the origin of the peace symbol ?
what were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?
how can your school march in the macy 's thanksgiving parade ?
what 's the highest ranking suit in bridge ?
who invented the toothbrush ?
how many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?
who created private detective philip marlowe ?
what year was desmond mpilo tutu awarded the nobel peace prize ?
what hymn did john steinbeck get his title the grapes of wrath from ?
what is the best way to travel in japan ?
what is the name of joan jett 's band ?
what relative of leo tolstoy translated war and peace eight times ?
who is the french literary charcter who is chiefly famous for his enormous nose ?
which continent has the most roses ?
how much money does the sultan of brunei have ?
how many times has `` louie , louie '' been recorded ?
what is the fastest fish in the world ?
who was the last woman executed in england ?
what color is chablis ?
what does an edentulous smile lack ?
how does a small businessman contact the good humor ice cream company to do business with them ?
where can i find a world atlas map online at no charge ?
what team did baseball 's st louis browns become ?
what was einstein 's birthplace ?
what bottled up tv character was born in baghdad ?
what 1950 film won seven oscars , including best picture ?
the operating system that runs on ibm compatible machines is called what ?
how do you get bubblegum out of carpet ?
which bourbon king was restored to the french throne during napoleon 's abdication ?
who portrayed george m cohan in 1942 's yankee doodle dandy ?
how fast do cheetahs run ?
what country contains africa 's northernmost point ?
what is the orgin of xoxoxox ?
what country is proud to claim volcano national park ?
what president 's ghost is said to haunt the white house ?
where can i find pictorial directions on how to build a very simple treehouse ?
who wrote `` much ado about nothing '' ?
who was the accused in the trial of the century , which opened janurary 1 , 1935 ?
what are some of australia 's native flora ?
a corgi is a kind of what ?
what 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` galloping gourmet '' ?
what comedian was the perfect fool ?
what beer 's name is translated as `` lion brew '' ?
what four legged creature did a cornell university study say would make man 's best companion in space ?
who does data collection in tourism ?
what singer became despondent over the death of freddie prinze , quit show business , and then quit the business ?
what beer tells us , `` grab all the gusto you can get '' ?
how old was george washington when he died ?
how many years make up a lustrum ?
what kind of creatures are the canary islands named for ?
what does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?
what gate opened on east and west berlin ?
what actor first portrayed james bond ?
how many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?
what does shield stand for ?
what direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
who was the original humpty dumpty ?
how can you become an fbi agent ?
what police force did mack sennett create ?
when was queen victoria born ?
what events happened january 26 , 1978 ?
how do you tell somebody you like them ?
what is moxie ?
hitler came to power in germany in what year ?
how does salt melt ice and snow ?
why did several san diego schools remove apples from students menus ?
who died 1 feet from where john f kennedy did ?
which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?
when was the first steel mill in the united states built ?
what are the signs of a country going into a recession ?
what product does `` mrs olsen '' promote ?
who painted `` soft self portrait with grilled bacon '' ?
what is deconstructionism ?
what is the function of the appendix ?
how do i do this ?
who did the seven mules block for ?
where did the sport of caber tossing originate ?
the major league baseball team in pittsburgh is called what ?
how many corners does a spritsail have ?
when was general manuel noriega ousted as the leader of panama and turned over to u s authorities ?
what does jessica mean ?
mississippi has what name for a state nickname ?
what is the recipe for eggs benedict ?
what is money made of ?
who was the president of vichy france ?
what is difference between a poster and a print ?
why was the l a office of shea and gould closed ?
what do west indian steel bands use as instruments ?
what province is edmonton located in ?
what is the difference between pop music and rock and roll ?
what type of childhood did jules verne have ?
how many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie , scotland , december 21 , cd
what turns blue litmus paper red ?
where did the 6th annual meeting of indonesia malaysia forest experts take place ?
what countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
what french designer declared `` the jean is the destructor ! it is a dictator ! it is destroying creativity the jean must be stopped ! '' ?
what 1976 deep throat clone provides the leading lady with a second larynx ?
what are the lyrics to `` smelly cat '' ?
what 's the largest island in the west indies ?
when the tutankhamun exhibit was on display in the u s , what moving company transported it ?
what is the nickname of the cleveland indians ?
who is william wordsworth ?
what is linux ?
who wrote unsafe at any speed ?
who is the greek god of the sea ?
where can i get a photograph of professor randolph quirk ?
what is drew barrymore 's email address ?
what is the largest city in the world ?
how many `` eyes '' does a coconut have ?
what kind of puzzle first appeared in the u s in the new york world on december 21 , 1913 ?
where did indian pudding come from ?
what was the education system in the 1960 's ?
what is boston kreme ?
what 's the capital of taiwan ?
what sinatra hit did he dooby dooby do in ?
how many syllables are there in a line of hendecasyllabic poetry ?
what infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?
what is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to ireland instead of to los angeles ?
what u s vice president killed alexander hamilton in a duel ?
where can i find lyrics for r b ?
where did cable cars first roll down clay street in 1873 ?
what spice do chefs pay the most for ?
what chess outcome results when a player has no legal move ?
what was the effect of the yalta conference ?
what is fiber in food ?
what country 's capital is lagos ?
what does a spermologer collect ?
how many flavors of ice cream does howard johnson 's have ?
what do you call a section of your finger from one joint to another ?
how can you define time ?
what is the name of the largest water conservancy project in china ?
what university football team did o j simpson take to the rose bowl ?
how many miles is it from frankfurt , germany to salzburg , austria ?
what is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?
what broadway show introduced the song some enchanted evening ?
what journalist can be found in and around walden puddle ?
how many of them are in sub saharan africa ?
how do you get a broken cork out of a bottle ?
what does e mc2 mean ?
who 's the only president buried in washington
who was the first host of person to person ?
what nuclear process takes place in an h bomb ?
what kind of crystals exist ?
who was the first jockey to ride two triple crown winners ?
what dummy received an honorary degree from northwestern university ?
what year was the atm first introduced ?
what exactly is the purpose of the anteater ?
what are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
what is a synonym for aspartame ?
how many muscles does an oyster have ?
what is agent orange ?
what are super balls made of ?
what is the name for clouds that produce rain ?
when did aldous huxley write , `` brave new world '' ?
what are cobol , fortran , and pascal ?
where can i buy movies on videotape online ?
what is `` the bear of beers '' ?
what was the first sam spade novel ?
what is the largest office block in the world ?
where on the web is adventours tours from sydney , australia ?
how much waste does an average dairy cow produce in a day ?
what drink is the best thirst quencher ?
what country has the best defensive position in the board game diplomacy ?
what country is the largest diamond producer ?
what 's the world 's largest cathedral ?
how do you say , `` i love you '' in other languages ?
what is e commerce ?
what state full of milk and honey was the destination in the grapes of wrath ?
what russian novel embracing more the 5 characters is set in the napoleonic wars ?
where 's the petrified forest ?
how many sperm cells are in an average ejaculation ?
what is the name given to the islamic counterpart of the red cross ?
what broadway musical featured the song , `` if i were a rich man ? ''
where did the battle of the bulge take place ?
what line of candy products included super skrunch and peanut butter oompas ?
what is grenada 's main commodity export ?
how many american soldiers are stationed in south korea ?
what game is fatal to anybody over 21 ?
when did the jurassic period end ?
what state does charles robb represent ?
name the vessel used by the atari force in the dc comics
what must a las vegas blackjack dealer do when he reaches 16 ?
what did esquire name ash hole of the year for 1980 ?
what is ioc an abbreviation of ?
where is dartmouth college ?
who was the first black performer to have his own network tv show ?
what astronomer architect designed the present st paul 's cathedral in london ?
in what year was the wall built ?
who was scrooge 's dead partner in dickens 's a christmas carol ?
who is the author of the book , `` the iron lady a biography of margaret thatcher '' ?
how much does one ton of cement cost ?
what was the bridge of san luis rey made of ?
why do usa fax machines not work in uk , nnp ?
what baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
what is a bourdon tube ?
what does nafta stand for ?
where is qatar ?
how long do hermit crabs live ?
how many shots can a stock m16 hold ?
where can i find the status of my tax return ?
what is the definition of spamming ?
the name of the actor who played the detective in the film kindergarden cop is what ?
what 's the difference between tft and dual scan display ?
what is humidity ?
when did nixon die ?
what is the predominant color of the tab label ?
how many points make up a perfect fivepin bowling score ?
how many quarters equal a pound ?
who created billy pilgrim , a survivor of the dresden firestorm ?
what is in baby powder and baby lotion that makes it smell the way it does ?
what is the name of the game that garry kasparov plays ?
why does it say on children 's cough syrup not to drive while using this medication ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what tv station did mary richards work for ?
what city is logan airport in ?
where is microsoft 's corporate headquarters located ?
what are perfect tenses ?
who were the four famous founders of united artists ?
what organization has a security council ?
which soft drink does madonna advertise for ?
who sings angel eyes from the 80 's ?
what is tumbled marble ?
how do you determine if a computer monitor has an svga adapter ?
what famous events have happened on march 27 ?
how many small businesses are there in the u s
where was helium first discovered , hence its name ?
what is new england 's highest mountain ?
what are arnold palmer 's fans called ?
how many spaces follow a period at the end of a sentence ?
what was the outcome of the 1945 yalta conference ?
what was the name of the u s 's first manned space program ?
who shared a new york city apartment with roger maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
what was the first english play written exclusively for children ?
what is the origin of the candy cane at christmas ?
how many letters appear with the numbers 2 to 9 on a telephone dial ?
what is a stratocaster ?
what is the best selling book of all time ?
what was franklin roosevelt 's program for economic recovery called during the great depression ?
what are the top ten most common girl names in the us ?
what 's the name of jacques cousteau 's research ship ?
what kind of poisoning is known as plumbism ?
what is the abbreviated expression for the national bureau of investigation ?
what is `` vocal sampling '' ?
what did woody allen call the japanese gangster film he dubbed into english as a comedy ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
what happened to phillip taylor kramer ?
how long was mao 's 1930s long march ?
what is the history of buffalo chicken wings ?
in the past 8 years who have the mvp players for the nhl been ?
what is nero wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?
which city has the oldest relationship as a sister city with los angeles ?
what was the nickname of model leslie hornby ?
what is the latitude and longitude of el paso , texas ?
how far is yaroslavl from moscow ?
how does a copier work ?
what is spumante ?
how many russians have landed on the moon ?
where is the location of the orange bowl ?
name an american made motorcycle
what color poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?
what 1964 film introduced the song my kind of town ?
what incident caused the canning of a summit conference between eisenhower and khrushchev ?
what effect does a prism have on light ?
where is the isle of man ?
how often are brain cells replaced ?
what is the largest museum in the world ?
what is the mascot for notre dame university ?
how many words are there in the spanish language ?
what is swap math ?
how tall is the matterhorn ?
what is the most number of goals scored by a single team in an nhl hockey game ?
what is shirley maclaine known as ?
who invented volleyball ?
what are you hearing when you put a seashell to your ear ?
what group kidnaped patricia hearst ?
how do i stop background noise in a car stereo ?
how do hermit crabs reproduce ?
what famous actress made her first appearance on stage at the age of five in the year 191 as `` baby '' ?
what were popular songs and types of songs in the 1920s ?
who sings the themes for `` dawson 's creek '' and `` felicity '' ?
how many equal angles are there in an isosceles triangle ?
what debts did qintex group leave ?
what city hosted the first winter olympics in asia ?
what is jimmy olsen 's full name ?
what does the term `` spaghetti western '' mean ?
where are all european and american eels born ?
what kind of fish is a coney ?
what rocky mountain ridge separates north america 's eastward and westward flowing rivers ?
what is the name of the president of garmat u s a ?
what tv comediennes 's characters include former movie star nora desmond , secretary mrs wiggins and a housewife named eunice ?
what does ouija mean ?
how large is missouri 's population ?
what is a fear of children ?
how do you correctly say the word ` qigong ' ?
what is a fear of speaking ?
what famed river was hernando de soto the first european to see ?
what kind of nuts are used in marzipan ?
how do they get teflon to stick to the pan ?
what is the regular price ?
what do ladybugs eat ?
how much does the president get paid ?
what is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?
when was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
what u s state boasts leif ericson park ?
who did jackie kennedy commission to write the death of a president ?
how many `` no '' answers was the what 's my line ? panel allowed ?
what eating utensils are used for handicapped kids ?
when was yemen reunified ?
what started in 1849 when gold was discovered at sutter 's mill ?
what is the pig population of the world ?
what is `` the washed vodka '' ?
how many continents are there ?
what does caliente mean , in english ?
what chapter of the bible has the most verses ?
what animals can live the longest without food ?
what soft drink is most heavily caffeinated ?
who protects dc comics ' realm of dreams ?
which of the seven dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?
what is the longest place name in the u s ?
what does aaron mean ?
what company tabulates the ballots in voting for the academy awards ?
what is bph ?
what is the date of boxing day ?
what does visine get out ?
what tokyo street glitters with famed department stores and nightclubs ?
who 's won the most oscars for costume design ?
what is a caul ?
what 's the term for an organism that lives on or in another ?
what is a `` usb '' port on a computer ?
how did former wwf wrestler rick rude die ?
what happened during the blackhawk indian war of 1832 ?
what is a fear of bees ?
what measures did clinton take to avoid the draft ?
what `` melts in your mouth , not in your hands ''
who is karenna gore , al gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
who succeeded nikita khrushchev as first secretary of the communist party ?
what condiment do the dutch dip their french fries in ?
what suburban housewife and mother of three wrote the feminine mystique ?
what does a chairbound basophobic fear ?
what does palindromic mean ?
what 's destroyed in genesis 19 24 ?
what took first prize in omni magazine 's contest to find the `` ultimate unanswerable question '' ?
how often are quadruplets born ?
who portrayed etta place , companion to butch cassidey and the sundance kid ?
what is e commerce ?
what u s state lived under six flags ?
where is burma ?
what do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?
how many people live in the falklands ?
who is mia farrow 's mother ?
who told all in ball four ?
what is the oldest profession ?
in my antonia , how is mr shimerda out of place on the farm ?
how do birds have sex ?
who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
what was the claim to fame of king camp gillette ?
what document did president andrew johnson want a copy of placed under his head upon his burial ?
what is the historical relationship of catholic church and bingo ?
how did the bikini bathing suite get its name ?
what actor and world war ii airman had a 5 , 0 bounty put on his head by hermann goering ?
how long does it take for spider man 's web to evaporate ?
who became president of the u s in 1789 ?
colin powell is most famous for what ?
where do hyenas live ?
who is nicolo paganini ?
what radio , tv and movie character did jackie gleason and william bendix play ?
what was the highest mountain on earth before mount everest was discovered ?
what is a fear of sourness ?
what european country abandoned postage stamps in 1923 because printing them cost more than their face value ?
what president served for five years , six months and 2 days ?
what was queen victoria 's title regarding india ?
how is abigail arcane related to the villainous opponent of the swamp thing ?
what country contains the westernmost point in south america ?
define the pheonix club ?
what has been the most common christian name of u s presidents ?
which member of charlie 's angels sang vocals for josie and the pussycats ?
what is the best college in the country ?
what is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?
who has the only speaking role in `` silent movie '' ?
why is the development of space so important ?
what university was woodrow wilson president of ?
what are the baltic states ?
why do some jets have a vapor trail , and others do not ?
what singer 's theme song was when the moon comes over the mountain ?
what word occurs 46 , 227 times in the bible ?
what hard of hearing artist painted sunflowers ?
how big is a baby bald eagle ?
who were john f kennedy 's dogs ?
what country is the world 's largest importer of cognac ?
how long has l l cool j been married ?
how many days does a typical mayfly live ?
what is usenet for the internet ?
what 's the highest hand in straight poker ?
who runs andy capp 's favorite pub ?
what was the distinguishing mark on the `` little rascals '' dog ?
what is the largest shopping mall in the world ?
what comedienne upstaged dwight d eisenhower 's first inauguration by giving birth to her first child ?
what is remembrance day all about ?
where did wile e coyote always get his devices ?
in what country is lund ?
what is the chromosome number of an elephant ?
what instrument is ray charles best known for playing ?
who was america 's first public enemy no 1 ?
how many feet are there in a fathom ?
who was charles lindbergh 's wife ?
how many innings constitute an official baseball game ?
where do you find the answers for all these questions ?
what is the per capita income of colombia , south america ?
name the food company that traveled to soviet georgia to film a series of ads
saddam hussein was compared to whom by president bush ?
who was the tallest u s president ?
what 's the staff of life mentioned in the lord 's prayer ?
what enigmatic u s vice president was once tried and acquitted for treason in a plot to set up his own independent empire in the west ?
what bay divides maryland 's eastern and western shores ?
where did makeup originate ?
what does an echidna look like ?
what hide and seek game is played around a tin can ?
what are the valdez principles ?
what does the georgetown `` hoya '' mean ?
what presidential press secretary dismissed watergate as a third rate burglary attempt ?
who wrote the night of the iguana ?
what is the frequency of vhf ?
how many endangered species are there in the world ?
what is the name of the firm that makes spumante ?
what caused an adjournment of the 25th anniversary session of the united nations general assembly ?
what is white chocolate ?
what was the business of the animated sky hawks ?
who taught matt murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in marvel comics ?
what 's the name of the temple that is located near the capital city of laos ?
who was the conservationist who served as spokesperson for post grape nuts ?
what does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?
what country did the romans call hibernia ?
what can be done about snoring ?
what is the greatest hiking web site ?
what american sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during world war ii and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two oscars ?
what is false consciousness ?
what country was hitler the chancellor of ?
how many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
who killed lee harvey oswald ?
how many calories are in a tomato ?
what is a nematode ?
name a movie about the sioux indians starring kevin costner
who did doris day mean when she said `` i call him ernie because he 's certainly no rock '' ?
what should the temperature be set at while baking peachy oat muffins ?
what hollywood dog died in the arms of jean harlow in 1932 ?
what is a `` false moon '' ?
what sports magazine has the largest circulation ?
what 's the official language of algeria ?
what 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
how tall is the replica of the matterhorn at disneyland ?
how many people died in the vietnam war ?
when was the first stained glass window made ?
what famed strip of land is a 15 minute boat trip across the venetian lagoon from venice ?
what painter popularized soup cans and brillo soap pad boxes ?
what is the name of the police officer who tried to keep order in top cat 's neighborhood ?
where can i find up to date coastal ocean surface temperature information , preferably along north america and the caribbean ?
what tv character said `` one of these days , alice , pow , right in the kisser '' ?
who thought he 'd never see a poem lovely as a tree ?
what film opens with an assassin tumbling from the seattle space needle ?
how long ago did the anglican church part from the vatican ?
what 's the word for broken glass or sharp rocks embedded in cement on top of a wall ?
what u s city 's skyline boasts the gateway arch ?
where is belize located ?
what are the top 10 colleges in the united states in the field of engineering ?
what are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?
what country borders denmark to the south ?
what is `` dew point '' ?
what part did benjamin franklin play in the development of the newspaper in america ?
what famous meat company went out of business because it became known that the underworld had been selling them kangaroo meat ?
what does the word camaro mean , from the gm car the camaro ?
who was sherlock holmes 's archenemy ?
who is the most sexy celebrity ?
what two body parts grow all your life ?
what is the brand name of daminozide ?
what country 's northernmost city is darwin ?
which sex is denied voting rights in kuwait ?
what is the taj majal made of ?
how many times can a nickel cadmium rechargeable battery be recharged ?
how does a scientific calculator work ?
what web sites are linked to the report on genesis eldercare ?
what planet gave bith to superman ?
what oldtime kids ' fare did tv guide writer jeff greenfield call `` one of the most subversive tv shows in american history '' ?
what mary tyler moore show regular came into the world as tadeus wladyslaw konopka ?
what does a chiropodist treat ?
what was the name of the first watergate special prosecutor , later fired by nixon ?
what direction do most baseball pitchers pitch toward ?
what are chloroplasts ?
when did the bounty mutiny take place ?
how is the new ford econoline van f25 v1 engine ?
what is damage to business and government caused by bureaucracy ?
what country will hit the year 2 first ?
in beetle bailey , can you name sarge 's dog ?
what are the 7 articles of the constitution ?
what type is a snail ?
what u s air force general led the first bombing raid over tokyo ?
what 's the traditional drink at the kentucky derby ?
what are the cookies in internet ?
what u s state has the lowest highest elevation at 6 feet ?
what mayor made so many tv appearances he was asked to join aftra in 1984 ?
what does necrosis mean ?
what is the definition of hazmat ?
what is the name of actor rex harrison 's son , who starred in a modestly popular tv show during the late 1960 's ?
what causes someone to be ticklish ?
who was the king who was forced to agree to the magna carta ?
what is the abbreviation of the company name ` general motors ' ?
what is the recommended weight of a 15 year old male that is 5 , 6 ?
who is dear abby ?
what is a ` borrow pit ' ?
what is a urologist ?
what was the name of the daughter of the virginia chief powhatan that married john rolfe ?
what is the name of the medical condition in which a baby is born without a brain ?
where does most of the marijuana entering the united states come from ?
what isps exist in the caribbean ?
what is endometriosis ?
what bestselling modern poet was the co founder of the famous city lights bookshop in san francisco ?
who invented the game scrabble ?
in what country is a stuck out tongue a friendly greeting ?
what was the alternate to vhs ?
who is langston hughes ?
who turned all he touched to gold ?
jackson pollock is of what nationality ?
what city is kdge radio located in ?
how many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?
who founded the first aerodynamics laboratory in 1912 ?
what sea separates naples and algiers ?
name the country of giants twelve times the size of man in `` gulliver 's travels ''
how does food color affect how you think it will taste ?
how many years do fossils take to form ?
how many blacks served in the vietnam war
what two new york yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?
what is a fear of cholera ?
what 's the southern dish made of pigs ' small intestines ?
what does it mean `` rupee depreciates '' ?
who was the girl in peter sellers 's soup ?
what hungarian cardinal was first a state prisoner and then a refugee in the u s embassy 1956 1971 ?
who was president of costa rica in 1994 ?
who was the second person ever to wear iron man 's armor ?
who invented basketball ?
what city in the u s experienced the most growth recently ?
how is silk screening done ?
who portrayed portly criminologist carl hyatt on checkmate ?
in what ways did ivan iv support russian expansion ?
what is the state nickname of mississippi ?
what two countries are separated by the bering strait ?
who declared `` i think i 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?
what is the most popular sports car color ?
what is the difference between jazz and blues ?
who was the 1st u s president ?
what is garry kasparov famous for ?
how does cos cob , ct get its name ?
name dondi 's adoptive grandfather
what was the name of the ball game played by the mayans ?
what is the current ticket fare from from cairo to barbados ?
what war was fought by the spanish as far as the philippines ?
what caribbean island is sometimes called little england ?
what is the largest city on the great lakes ?
what is a courier ?
how many leos have been pope ?
what occupation has the highest divorce rate ?
what are you caught in if a haboob blows up ?
what is the name of the brilliant british economist behind its creation ?
what do camels store in their humps ?
which gender has bigger thighs ?
what are the urals ?
what is `` chicago hope '' ?
what camera company said , `` if you haven 't got the time , we 've got the camera ? ''
what are pomegranates ?
what song put james taylor in the limelight ?
what function does homeostasis have on the existence of an organism ?
the italian artist , maurizio pellegrin , is how old ?
what company markets a shampoo `` for brunettes only '' ?
when was dick clark born ?
what country was kim philby really working for ?
who made the musical plea be true to your school ?
who holds the nfl record for most touchdowns in a season ?
what are some tips for building a fire in a fireplace ?
aspartame is also known as what ?
what is the name of the michelangelo painting that shows two hands with fingers touching ?
what colors is magenta made of ?
how tall was the animated frankenstein
what was the longest war in u s history ?
what is the homelite inc home page ?
what was american folk hero john chapman 's nickname ?
who wrote ` the pines of rome ' ?
what are the snakes of new england ?
what city is graced by the arch of titus ?
how many teats does a female goat sport ?
who wrote the farmer 's almanac ?
how many meters are in a mile ?
what are the first six words of dickens 's a tale of two cities ?
where did the term `` 69 '' come from ?
what are the biggest indian airports ?
what is a nanometer ?
what dictator has the nickname `` el maximo '' ?
which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?
what 's the international lawn tennis challenge trophy usually called ?
what football bowl game 's first queen was hallie woods ?
how do you make the color purple ?
what is the origin of the word `` tampon '' ?
name a gaelic language
what overalls are named for dungri , a suburb of bombay ?
what are boxcars ?
what is the origin of the expression `` tout de suite '' ?
what are the languages spoken by the natives in afghanistan ?
what card game can feature dealer 's choice ?
what 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?
when was the first barbie produced ?
what president dispatched a cruiser to carry charles lindbergh home after his epic flight ?
what is idealab ! ?
what is the term for a group of geese ?
who makes the `` cross your heart bra '' ?
what is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?
name of heroine in `` scruples '' ?
what chocolate bar created by frank mars and his wife is often called a milky way with peanuts ?
what was the name of sergeant preston of the yukon 's lead dog ?
where can i find all the information i need to know about the english civil war , 1642 1649 , ?
what are britain 's two longest rivers ?
what is the oldest website on the internet ?
how do you say `` grandma '' in irish ?
what is the world population as of today ?
what is the goat population of the world ?
what did warlock wear on his forehead in marvel comics ?
what kind of suit did true hepcats wear in 1942 ?
what store claims to be the world 's largest department store ?
who portrayed carl bernstein in all the president 's men ?
what was the infamous pseudonym of peter sutcliffe ?
what does laser stand for ?
what are the chances of pregnacy if the penis does not penetrate the vagina ?
which two inventors invented post its ?
what are the 10 plagues of egypt ?
when did they canonize the bible ?
what was the name of the famous battle between texas and mexico ?
what is the correct way to mount a roll of toilet paper ?
what is the fastest growing state in the u s a in 1998 ?
which german president was pressured into appointing hitler chancellor in 1933 ?
how long did the charles manson murder trial last ?
what is your favorite color ?
dialing , 900 , 740 tree to have a tree planted will cost how much ?
why does it snow ?
which of the following actors worked in new york 's yiddish theater ?
who were the five marx brothers ?
how many john deere tractors have been manufactured ?
what sport do you shag flies in ?
how can i register my website in yahoo for free ?
who is the premier of china ?
what is the name of the second space shuttle ?
what 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
when was dubai 's first concrete house built ?
which city in china has the largest number of foreign financial companies ?
what does an average daycare provider get paid in new england ?
what was the first gilbert and sullivan opera ?
what sport is known for hooligans ?
what is the brand name of a chemical used to control ripening ?
what is osteichthyes ?
how many points are there on a backgammon board ?
what british commander surrendered to george washington at yorktown in 1781 ?
how do i know if i 'm jealous of someone ?
how many times was pitcher , warren spahn , a 20 game winner in his 21 major league seasons ?
what city is the kentucky horse park near ?
what stephen sondheim ballad ends `` well , maybe next year '' ?
where can one find information on religion and health , the brain and nutrition ?
how is a hydrogen bomb different from a nuclear bomb ?
what made jane goodall famous ?
in what medium is stuart hamblen considered to be the first singing cowboy ?
what is dew point ?
how many milligrams are in a gram ?
what actress has received the most oscar nominations ?
when do you plant winter wheat ?
rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?
who 's the twin brother of the greek goddess artemis ?
how many school districts are there in the united states ?
how many astronauts have been on the moon ?
what do you call a group of geese ?
how many years did shea gould practice law in los angeles ?
who started the dominos pizza chain ?
what animals did the amazing three masquerade as ?
what was the first domesticated bird ?
who is peter weir ?
what do opposite faces of a die always add up to ?
what does a heliologist study ?
what is it like to experience a near death episode ?
what united states city produces the most oil ?
what sport is chris jogis a top player of ?
in what year was the cannon invented ?
what was the verdict in the trial of lizzie borden ?
what is eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?
how many wives did brigham young have ?
what color of monopoly properties are landed on most often ?
what does bud stand for ?
what is the largest city in texas ?
where can i get piano music for the jamiroquai song everyday for the midi ?
what causes `` rolling thunder '' ?
what is a turnkey contract ?
what 's the closest g2 spectrum yellow dwarf to earth ?
what did people use to freshen their breath before toothpaste ?
what girl 's name is `` teddy '' an affectionate form of ?
what killed bob marley ?
when did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
what fossilizes to form coprolite ?
what is `` the only cigarette made with no leftovers '' ?
how long does it take the typical hen to lay 19 dozen eggs ?
what desert has been called the garden of allah ?
who were the `` filthiest people alive ? ''
what does inuit and eskimo mean ?
what cards are bullets ?
where did the world come from ?
what is the meaning of `` subaru ? ''
what european race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?
who murdered leno and rosemary labianca on august 1
where are some great educational resources for parents and teachers ?
what is the origin of the word ` posh ' ?
what is viscosity ?
where is mozambique located ?
how many characters makes up a word for typing test purposes ?
what is a common anti aids drug ?
what does each of the utilities cost in monopoly ?
what is a dental root canal ?
why does sound travel quicker through water than air ?
when did jaco pastorius die ?
what is the purpose of a car bra ?
who wrote the collector ?
what are the characters ' names in the scooby doo cartoon ?
name the various super teams to which the angel has belonged
what are close encounters of the first and second kind ?
who wrote the bestselling missionary travels and researches in south africa , published in 1857 ?
when was beethoven born ?
who portrayed w c fields in the film w c fields and me ?
which one of the great lakes is entirely within u s territory ?
how do you stop junk snail mail ?
what was simple simon fishing for in his mother 's pail ?
what is the medical term for cancer of the blood ?
what is cosmology ?
when was the de beers company founded ?
what card suit originally represented the peasant class ?
what is the temperature for baking peachy oat muffins ?
what did the gas house gang play ?
what phenomenon would you expect to read about in the monthly publication the bigfoot news ?
what state is known as the hawkeye state ?
what does the t s stand for in t s eliot 's name ?
what do the red and white stripes on a barbershop pole stand for ?
what country 's people are the top television watchers ?
what time does wee willie winkie run through the town ?
where did the myth of santa claus originate ?
what five time winner of the kentucky derby lost his first 25 races ?
who was hitler 's minister of propaganda ?
what basketball maneuver did bert loomis invent ?
what is the population of mexico ?
how is answers com funded ?
how many people in the usa say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
how many cherubs are there on a trivial pursuit board ?
how is easter sunday 's date determined ?
how do they find an epicenter ?
what is the abbreviation of the international olympic committee ?
what labor leader was last seen in the parking lot of a michigan restaurant ?
how many years ago did the ship titanic sink ?
what california desert is dubbed high desert ?
what color were their horses ?
why was henry ford 's first automobile calleda model t his second type of automobile , introduced in 1928 , called a model a ?
what does snafu stand for ?
how many sides does a heptagon have ?
what is barnstorming ?
what dumb but loveable character did maurice gosfield play on the phil silvers show ?
what is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
who first broke the sound barrier ?
when did the use of `` the syringe '' first appear in medicinal history ?
what is the cultural origin of the ceremony of potlatch ?
how much do tuberculosis combatting drugs cost ?
what is maurizio pellegrin 's age ?
which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self portraits ?
what british monarch 's lap did p t barnum 's tom thumb sit in ?
what do goldfish lose if kept in dimly lit or running water ?
where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?
what are the first ten amendements passed ?
what stadium do the miami dolphins play their home games in ?
where does your hair grow the fastest ?
who wrote `` the pit and the pendulum '' ?
what is a common dolphin ?
when was the bar code invented ?
what is a bone marrow transplant meant for ?
what company is the largest japanese ship builder ?
what asian country once thrilled to the sport of cricket fighting ?
where does the u s get most of its energy ?
what does freddy freeman say to become captain marvel jr ?
how fast can a corvette go ?
what became the biggest cash crop in the u s in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
what are manifest and latent function theories ?
what is the population of mozambique ?
what rock group raised a ruckus at the white house by singing american woman ?
what is the history of yo yos ?
name the child left on a doorstep at the beginning of gasoline alley
how long did the paris commune hold out for against the rest of france ?
how many layers does a bottle of yoo hoo settle into ?
what las vegas hotel burned in november , 1980 , with the loss of 84 lives ?
how many pairs of wings does a tsetse fly have ?
how did water appear on the earth ?
what populous state covers 49 , 576 square miles ?
what excuse did the nato people give for hitting the chinese embassy ?
what ocean liner burned and sank in hong kong harbor ?
when did princess diana and prince charles get married ?
what is ethylene ?
what u s state comes last in an alphabetical list ?
who was the first african american to win the nobel prize in literature ?
who developed the macintosh computer ?
what peninsula is spain part of ?
what type of polymer is used for bulletproof vests ?
what year did mussolini seize power in italy ?
when did john f kennedy get elected as president ?
what is acetaminophen ?
what is acid rain ?
what is the average speed of the horses at the kentucky derby ?
what city had a world fair in 1900 ?
what does ciao mean ?
what is leukemia ?
what is the chunnel ?
how fast is the speed of light ?
how often does old faithful erupt at yellowstone national park ?
what year did the andy griffith show begin ?
mercury , what year was it discovered ?
what state has the least amount of rain per year ?
what are enzymes ?
what is the most popular sport in japan ?
what is osteoporosis ?
when was the first wal mart store opened ?
when was president kennedy shot ?
what is the largest city in the world ?
what are xerophytes ?
what gasses are in the troposphere ?
in poland , where do most people live ?
what is the birthstone of october ?
who was the first prime minister of canada ?
what is shakespeare 's nickname ?
what is the longest suspension bridge in the u s ?
what is tmj ?
what french province is cognac produced in ?
who lived in the neuschwanstein castle ?
who was the first woman governor in the u s ?
what does phi beta kappa mean ?
what is poliomyelitis ?
what is the active ingredient in baking soda ?
what is a tsunami ?
what continent is egypt on ?
what city 's newspaper is called `` the enquirer '' ?
what are the two houses of the legislative branch ?
what are the twin cities ?
who was the first governor of alaska ?
what is the highest dam in the u s ?
where is the lourve ?
what does nasa stand for ?
what are platelets ?
what state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
what currency does argentina use ?
how long did rip van winkle sleep ?
what is quicksilver ?
what does the abbreviation sos mean ?
what strait separates north america from asia ?
what is a baby turkey called ?
what is the fourth highest mountain in the world ?
what is the capital of mongolia ?
what is the abbreviation for texas ?
what was j f k 's wife 's name ?
what is phenylalanine ?
what is sodium chloride ?
how many pounds in a ton ?
what are pediatricians ?
what primary colors do you mix to make orange ?
what is teflon ?
what is wimbledon ?
what is the colorful korean traditional dress called ?
what year did canada join the united nations ?
who was the first person to reach the north pole ?
what is the diameter of a golf ball ?
what is the population of venezuela ?
what does your spleen do ?
what is new york 's state bird ?
what person 's head is on a dime ?
what is semolina ?
how much was a ticket for the titanic ?
what color are crickets ?
what was the name of the plane lindbergh flew solo across the atlantic ?
what is the oldest city in the united states ?
which president was unmarried ?
what was president lyndon johnson 's reform program called ?
what is hawaii 's state flower ?
what is the atomic weight of silver ?
where is the grand canyon ?
what is the longest bone in the human body ?
what is the name given to the tiger at louisiana state university ?
for how long is an elephant pregnant ?
what are coral reefs ?
what kind of dog was toto in the wizard of oz ?
what is the major fault line near kentucky ?
where is the volcano mauna loa ?
what does cc in engines mean ?
what is mold ?
what is the most frequently spoken language in the netherlands ?
what is the name of the satellite that the soviet union sent into space in 1957 ?
what year was mozart born ?
who discovered x rays ?
how fast is alcohol absorbed ?
when was ulysses s grant born ?
who invented trivial pursuit ?
where is the euphrates river ?
what is foot and mouth disease ?
what new york city structure is also known as the twin towers ?
what is a thermometer ?
who killed john f kennedy ?
in what spacecraft did u s astronaut alan shepard make his historic 1961 flight ?
what river in the us is known as the big muddy ?
what is valentine 's day ?
what country did ponce de leon come from ?
what imaginary line is halfway between the north and south poles ?
who invented the slinky ?
what year did the titanic start on its journey ?
what are triglycerides ?
who invented the hula hoop ?
what planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
when is father 's day ?
what is nanotechnology ?
what is the name of the leader of ireland ?
how many great lakes are there ?
who is the tallest man in the world ?
who invented the instant polaroid camera ?
how long is the columbia river in miles ?
what are spider veins ?
what is supernova ?
what is an eclipse ?
how many liters in a gallon ?
what is angiotensin ?
when did north carolina enter the union ?
what is a biosphere ?
what is mardi gras ?
what are quaaludes ?
how far away is the moon ?
who wrote `` the divine comedy '' ?
what are pathogens ?
what is cryptography ?
who was the first u s president to appear on tv ?
what was w c fields ' real name ?
what year did the nfl go on strike ?
what color is a poison arrow frog ?
what color does litmus paper turn when it comes into contact with a strong acid ?
when was the first stamp issued ?
what is the largest city in the u s ?
where was the first golf course in the united states ?
where is the shawnee national forest ?
during which season do most thunderstorms occur ?
why does the moon turn orange ?
what does the word fortnight mean ?
what city 's newspaper is called `` the star '' ?
what precious stone is a form of pure carbon ?
what is a panic disorder ?
what year did oklahoma become a state ?
what is the rainiest place on earth ?
what is amitriptyline ?
what do meteorologists do ?
what monastery was raided by vikings in the late eighth century ?
what year did the milwaukee braves become the atlanta braves ?
who was the first man to fly across the pacific ocean ?
who founded american red cross ?
what is a baby lion called ?
what are the colors of the german flag ?
what is the effect of volcanoes on the climate ?
what is the murder rate in windsor , ontario ?
what french ruler was defeated at the battle of waterloo ?
what is compounded interest ?
how did janice joplin die ?
when was the telephone invented ?
what are amphibians ?
what is an annuity ?
what is the only artery that carries blue blood from the heart to the lungs ?
who was the abolitionist who led the raid on harper 's ferry in 1859 ?
when was rosa parks born ?
where is milan ?
where are the rocky mountains ?
where is prince edward island ?
who is a german philosopher ?
when was hiroshima bombed ?
what currency does luxembourg use ?
what is hybridization ?
what chain store is headquartered in bentonville , arkansas ?
what is a carcinogen ?
what is natural gas composed of ?
who was president in 1913 ?
what does a defibrillator do ?
what is autism ?
what is the scientific name for elephant ?
what is the moulin rouge ?
what are the spots on dominoes called ?
what is a group of turkeys called ?
what is nicotine ?
what is a group of frogs called ?
what is cholesterol ?
what is pectin ?
what is a micron ?
what is the smallest bird in britain ?
what is phosphorus ?
what is the illinois state flower ?
what are the two types of twins ?
what is the sales tax in minnesota ?
how wide is the milky way galaxy ?
what is an antigen ?
what instrument did glenn miller play ?
what is caffeine ?
what are polymers ?
what is dianetics ?
who invented the calculator ?
when was algeria colonized ?
what year did the united states abolish the draft ?
what is the population of nigeria ?
what is the capital of persia ?
how many gallons of water are there in a cubic foot ?
who discovered oxygen ?
what is the temperature of the sun 's surface ?
what is the deepest lake in the us ?
what does the acronym nasa stand for ?
what is pulmonary fibrosis ?
what do bats eat ?
what are semiconductors ?
what color is indigo ?
why is the sun yellow ?
what are the animals that don 't have backbones called ?
the sun 's core , what is the temperature ?
who developed the vaccination against polio ?
what city is also known as `` the gateway to the west '' ?
what is the ph scale ?
what were christopher columbus ' three ships ?
when did elvis presley die ?
what is pneumonia ?
what is the criterion for being legally blind ?
what was the most popular toy in 1957 ?
how far is it from denver to aspen ?
what is the length of the coastline of the state of alaska ?
in which state would you find the catskill mountains ?
what is the population of australia ?
what is bipolar disorder ?
what does `` sitting shiva '' mean ?
what is the average life span for a chicken ?
what does a barometer measure ?
where is john wayne airport ?
what is strep throat ?
how do you measure earthquakes ?
which country gave new york the statue of liberty ?
what is cryogenics ?
what is ursa major ?
what are solar cells ?
where is perth ?
what is the speed hummingbirds fly ?
what is e coli ?
who is the congressman from state of texas on the armed forces committee ?
what is the national park in utah ?
george bush purchased a small interest in which baseball team ?
what is the milky way ?
what is the name of william penn 's ship ?
name a food high in zinc
when were william shakespeare 's twins born ?
what is amoxicillin ?
what hemisphere is the philippines in ?
what is the melting point of copper ?
what breed of hunting dog did the beverly hillbillies own ?
what is the depth of the nile river ?
what is the heaviest naturally occurring element ?
what is the width of a football field ?
what baseball team was the first to make numbers part of their uniform ?
what is the conversion rate between dollars and pounds ?
when was the boston tea party ?
what province is montreal in ?
what is the location of lake champlain ?
what river flows between fargo , north dakota and moorhead , minnesota ?
what 's the easiest way to remove wallpaper ?
who invented the telephone ?
what year did the u s buy alaska ?
what is the esophagus used for ?
what is a fuel cell ?
how cold should a refrigerator be ?
which u s a president appeared on `` laugh in '' ?
what is susan b anthony 's birthday ?
how tall is the gateway arch in st louis , mo ?
material called linen is made from what plant ?
what year was the mona lisa painted ?
how many admirals are there in the u s navy ?
how old was elvis presley when he died ?
what is ozone depletion ?
what is the source of natural gas ?
when did hawaii become a state ?
what is solar wind ?
what color is yak milk ?
how old do you have to be in order to rent a car in italy ?
who is the governor of alaska ?
what are capers ?
what is the name of neil armstrong 's wife ?
how much of an apple is water ?
what is an atom ?
what is epilepsy ?
when is st patrick 's day ?
what is metabolism ?
what is the distance in miles from the earth to the sun ?
what are ethics ?
what does target heart rate mean ?
who was elected president of south africa in 1994 ?
what currency is used in algeria ?
what is the name of the chocolate company in san francisco ?
which country has the most water pollution ?
who was the 23rd president of the united states ?
what birthstone is turquoise ?
how far is pluto from the sun ?
what county is phoenix , az in ?
developing nations comprise what percentage of the world 's population ?
what is a thyroid ?
what state did the battle of bighorn take place in ?
where is the mall of the america ?
who wrote the hymn `` amazing grace '' ?
what is australia 's national flower ?
what date did neil armstrong land on the moon ?
what is the location of the sea of tranquility ?
what is the life expectancy for crickets ?
what is the capital of zimbabwe ?
when is hurricane season in the caribbean ?
what is hypertension ?
what is the state flower of michigan ?
which mountain range in north america stretches from maine to georgia ?
what is an obtuse angle ?
how many feet in a mile ?
what fruit is melba sauce made from ?
what is acupuncture ?
what is the average weight of a yellow labrador ?
where is the little league museum ?
what kind of gas is in a fluorescent bulb ?
what was the first satellite to go into space ?
how far is a nautical mile ?
what is another name for vitamin b1 ?
what is influenza ?
what is the primary language in iceland ?
what is propylene glycol ?
what is sonar ?
what is the capital of ethiopia ?
what did jesse jackson organize ?
how old was joan of arc when she died ?
what is home equity ?
why is a ladybug helpful ?
what is the street address of the white house ?
what is the spirometer test ?
what are cigarettes made of ?
what is the population of seattle ?
where is hitler buried ?
what was the name of the first u s satellite sent into space ?
when was the first kidney transplant ?
what u s state 's motto is `` live free or die '' ?
what is viscosity ?
how much fiber should you have per day ?
what is a shaman ?
what is the elevation of st louis , mo ?
what is severance pay ?
who won ms american in 1989 ?
what is the most common eye color ?
what is the life expectancy of a dollar bill ?
what is the statue of liberty made of ?
where is the tallest roller coaster located ?
what is the percentage of water content in the human body ?
what do you call a professional map drawer ?
what canadian city has the largest population ?
what is the earth 's diameter ?
where is the mason dixon line ?
what is pilates ?
when did the hindenberg crash ?
what planet is known as the `` red '' planet ?
who was the 22nd president of the us ?
what is plastic made of ?
who is duke ellington ?
what metal has the highest melting point ?
what river runs through rowe , italy ?
when was abraham lincoln born ?
who was the first female united states representative ?
what is neuropathy ?
where do apple snails live ?
what continent is argentina on ?
what is the brightest star ?
what is nuclear power ?
what is foreclosure ?
what is the ohio state bird ?
what are aborigines ?
where is the holland tunnel ?
where is the eiffel tower ?
what is the difference between am radio stations and fm radio stations ?
who was the first african american to play for the brooklyn dodgers ?
what soviet seaport is on the black sea ?
who is the prime minister of canada ?
what is the population of china ?
what is pastrami made of ?
when is the summer solstice ?
who was the first woman killed in the vietnam war ?
what year did the titanic sink ?
how much does the human adult female brain weigh ?
where is the orinoco river ?
what is the effect of acid rain ?
who was abraham lincoln ?
when was lyndon b johnson born ?
what color is a giraffe 's tongue ?
what is myopia ?
what is mad cow disease ?
what is rheumatoid arthritis ?
what is the world 's population ?
what is desktop publishing ?
who was the first vice president of the u s ?
what is the money they use in zambia ?
what is genocide ?
what is the date of mexico 's independence ?
what is the capital of yugoslavia ?
where did howard hughes die ?
what is neurology ?
what was fdr 's dog 's name ?
what are antacids ?
what is vertigo ?
what did edward binney and howard smith invent in 1903 ?
what is maryland 's state bird ?
when was the first liver transplant ?
when was thomas jefferson born ?
what is the proper name for a female walrus ?
where is the savannah river ?
what is relative humidity ?
what county is modesto , california in ?
name a stimulant
what is a prism ?
what are invertebrates ?
what is the melting point of gold ?
what is bandwidth ?
what does i v stand for ?
what are canada 's two territories ?
what do you call a newborn kangaroo ?
what is the longest major league baseball winning streak ?
what is acetic acid ?
what is the sales tax rate in new york ?
what is diabetes ?
what position did willie davis play in baseball ?
when did idaho become a state ?
what is another astronomic term for the northern lights ?
what causes gray hair ?
what is an earthquake ?
what are sunspots ?
what does cpr stand for ?
what is nepotism ?
what year did wwii begin ?
what is naproxen ?
what is fibromyalgia ?
who painted the ceiling of the sistine chapel ?
where are the national archives ?
what date was dwight d eisenhower born ?
where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
who was the first us president to ride in an automobile to his inauguration ?
who discovered america ?
what is the oldest university in the us ?
what is die casting ?
what does usps stand for ?
what is the gestation period for a cat ?
what colors need to be mixed to get the color pink ?
where are the british crown jewels kept ?
what is a parasite ?
what is the electrical output in madrid , spain ?
what currency do they use in brazil ?
who was galileo ?
what do you call a word that is spelled the same backwards and forwards ?
who discovered radium ?
what is muscular dystrophy ?
what is done with worn or outdated flags ?
where is the volcano olympus mons located ?
what is an ulcer ?
what is a mirror made out of ?
how many hearts does an octopus have ?
what is cerebral palsy ?
what does the technical term isdn mean ?
why in tennis are zero points called love ?
what day and month did john lennon die ?
what mineral helps prevent osteoporosis ?
who is the actress known for her role in the movie `` gypsy '' ?
how tall is the sears building ?
what is fungus ?
what is the name of roy roger 's dog ?
what is bio diversity ?
mexican pesos are worth what in u s dollars ?
the u s department of treasury first issued paper currency for the u s during which war ?
what was the last year that the chicago cubs won the world series ?
what is bangers and mash ?
what city has the zip code of 35824 ?
who is the only president to serve 2 non consecutive terms ?
what is the temperature at the center of the earth ?
what type of currency is used in australia ?
what is the average body temperature ?
which comedian 's signature line is `` can we talk '' ?
what is the birthstone for june ?
what is the speed of light ?
what is carbon dioxide ?
what is schizophrenia ?
what american composer wrote the music for `` west side story '' ?
who was the first american to walk in space ?
what body of water are the canary islands in ?
what is peyote ?
how old was the youngest president of the united states ?
when is the official first day of summer ?
how much does water weigh ?
how far is the service line from the net in tennis ?
how fast is sound ?
in the late 1700 's british convicts were used to populate which colony ?
