1	despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
0	this is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
0	your response to its new sequel , analyze that , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .
0	austin powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
1	the dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
1	to show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .
0	it celebrates the group's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what hibiscus grandly called his 'angels of light . '
0	it's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
1	the problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up shum's good intentions .
0	if you're part of her targeted audience , you'll cheer . otherwise , maybe .
1	stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
1	a non-mystery mystery .
0	. . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
1	the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
0	for all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , blood work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
1	unfortunately , kapur modernizes a . e . w . mason's story to suit the sensibilities of a young american , a decision that plucks " the four feathers " bare .
1	halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . it's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
1	by the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
0	. . . a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920's . . . the film's ending has a " what was it all for ? " feeling to it , but like the 1920's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
1	imagine susan sontag falling in love with howard stern .
1	an unintentionally surreal kid's picture . . . in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a vh1 behind the music episode .
1	suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let's just say the ingredients don't quite add up to a meal .
0	although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
1	this is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
0	a teasing drama whose relentless good-deed/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
1	an inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
1	[janey] forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
1	cattaneo reworks the formula that made the full monty a smashing success . . . but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
1	the enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
1	during the tuxedo's 90 minutes of screen time , there isn't one true 'chan moment' .
1	the movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
1	none of this is very original , and it isn't particularly funny .
1	all the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
1	the best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
0	kinnear's performance is a career-defining revelation .
1	it feels like a community theater production of a great broadway play : even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
1	stephen earnhart's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition  wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text  when it's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
1	at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
1	think the lion king redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by bryan adams , the world's most generic rock star .
1	an awful snooze .
1	my advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
0	'the film is stark , straightforward and deadly . . . an unnatural calm that's occasionally shaken by . . . blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
1	if you're over 25 , have an iq over 90 , and have a driver's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
1	seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director's experiment is a successful one .
0	even if invincible is not quite the career peak that the pianist is for roman polanski , it demonstrates that werner herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
0	a few artsy flourishes aside , narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
1	though howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this southern gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
0	a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
1	responsvel direto pelo fracasso 'artstico' de doce lar , o roteirista c . jay cox no consegue sequer aproveitar os pouqussimos momentos em que escapa da mediocridade .
1	just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
1	i still can't relate to stuart : he's a mouse , for cryin' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough .
1	boy oh boy , it's a howler .
1	the acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from gilligan's island -- and the cgi scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
0	a creaky staircase gothic .
0	while the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
1	enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , walt becker's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
0	the movie should be credited with remembering his victims .
0	[shyamalan] continues to cut a swathe through mainstream hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
0	throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love's brief moment .
0	moving and vibrant .
1	a movie that tries to fuse the two 'woods' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
0	highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
1	the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
0	" antwone fisher " is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by washington . it won't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
1	trailer park magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .
1	the movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it weren't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
1	for every articulate player , such as skateboarder tony hawk or bmx rider mat hoffman , are about a half dozen young turks angling to see how many times they can work the words " radical " or " suck " into a sentence .
1	a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
1	just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that's neither original nor terribly funny .
1	since dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
0	an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
1	the movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
0	exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven [the film] addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
0	superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
0	victor rosa is leguizamo's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
0	in questioning the election process , payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
0	a pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
1	an awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
0	rifkin's references are . . . impeccable throughout .
1	the kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
1	narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .
0	you can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
0	sweet and memorable film .
0	it's hard to imagine alan arkin being better than he is in this performance .
0	mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
1	you've already seen heartbreak if you've watched the far superior nurse betty or sunset boulevard . even the unwatchable soapdish is more original .
0	a movie that at its best doesn't just make the most out of its characters' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
1	a minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it's sort of true and it's sort of bogus and it's ho-hum all the way through .
1	it's got the brawn , but not the brains .
0	a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
1	contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
1	it's like a drive-by . you can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
1	yes , i suppose it's lovely that cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but world traveler gave me no reason to care , so i didn't .
0	sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
0	the sundance film festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon utah each january to ferret out the next great thing . 'tadpole' was one of the films so declared this year , but it's really more of the next pretty good thing .
0	vera's three actors -- moll , gil and bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
0	a weird and wonderful comedy .
1	any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .
1	it's the kind of movie that ends up festooning u . s . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it's in french ( well , mostly ) with english subtitles and is magically 'significant' because of that .
1	just entertaining enough not to hate , too mediocre to love .
0	una pelcula oscura , precisa , por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .
1	with generic sets and b-grade special effects , jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as tv's defunct cleopatra 2525 .
1	the story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
0	in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
1	i'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap clich .
1	while it may not add up to the sum of its parts , holofcener's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
1	. . . too sappy for its own good .
0	it's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .
0	an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
0	with so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
0	a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
0	a byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
0	an eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
0	there is a general air of exuberance in all about the benjamins that's hard to resist .
0	a genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
0	feels untidily honest .
1	tykwer's surface flash isn't just a poor fit with kieslowski's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything kieslowski's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
1	john leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
1	this is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
0	what [denis] accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
1	overall , it's a pretty mediocre family film .
0	some body will take you places you haven't been , and also places you have .
1	if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea .
1	the picture , scored by a perversely cheerful marcus miller accordion/harmonica/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
1	rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
1	unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
1	the whole thing plays like a tired tyco ad .
1	there's nothing interesting in unfaithful whatsoever .
0	ub equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of 'black culture' and the dorkier aspects of 'white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
1	directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
0	a study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers . . .
1	tom shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .
0	a riveting documentary .
0	flawed , but worth seeing for ambrose's performance .
1	the film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
0	eric byler's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations . . .
1	de niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to clint eastwood in the lazy bloodwork . but like bruce springsteen's gone-to-pot asbury park , new jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a city of ruins .
0	both lead performances are oscar-size . quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between jane wyman and june cleaver .
0	buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
1	wait for pay per view or rental but don't dismiss barbershop out of hand .
1	as much as i laughed throughout the movie , i cannot mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
1	one of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
1	an unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
1	the sweetest thing is expressly for idiots who don't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
0	the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
1	while glover , the irrepressible eccentric of river's edge , dead man and back to the future , is perfect casting for the role , he represents bartleby's main overall flaw .
0	from the big giant titles of the opening credits to elmer bernstein's perfectly melodic score , haynes gets just about everything right .
0	great character interaction .
0	[f]rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
1	. . . if you're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie , you might want to catch freaks as a matinee .
0	probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
0	if you're in the mood for a bollywood film , here's one for you .
1	normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
0	. . . a light , yet engrossing piece . lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , jewish grandmother and subject  taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
1	a selection of scenes in search of a movie .
0	my little eye is the best little " horror " movie i've seen in years .
0	at times auto focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it's so fascinating you won't be able to look away for a second .
0	a french film with a more down-home flavor .
1	despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
1	shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
0	waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
0	open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
1	something akin to a japanese alice through the looking glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
1	oozes condescension from every pore .
1	it's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since i last walked out on a movie , but resident evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
1	without a strong script and energetic acting , dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor's home videos .
1	limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
0	the powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . but this time there's some mold on the gold .
0	a perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .
1	nijinsky says , 'i know how to suffer' and if you see this film you'll know too .
0	it is interesting and fun to see goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
0	you'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . but not a whit more .
1	what 'blade runner' would've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .
0	it uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . the result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
0	a difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .
1	this is a picture that maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool .
1	it's never a good sign when a film's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
0	i am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
0	we get an image of big papa spanning history , rather than suspending it .
0	a solidly seaworthy chiller .
1	stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . yep , it's " waking up in reno . " go back to sleep .
0	many insightful moments .
1	a weird little movie that's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern l . a . 's show-biz and media subcultures . but it doesn't leave you with much .
1	this is standard crime drama fare . . . instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
0	not for the prurient or squeamish , it's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
1	just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . there are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
0	whether you're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you'll still feel something .
1	a movie just for friday fans , critics be damned . if you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
1	unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you're going to feel like you weren't invited to the party .
1	whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
1	the film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
1	despite hoffman's best efforts , wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .
1	it might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a three's company-style laugh track .
0	in some ways , lagaan is quintessential bollywood . except it's much , much better .
1	this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
1	like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
0	a winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
1	brown's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
0	angel presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
1	little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its summer x games .
0	morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
0	daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
1	strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , the four feathers comes up short .
0	cuts right through the b . s . giving a big middle-fingered " shut up " to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another .
0	a difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
1	[a] shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
0	proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they can't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .
0	a resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
1	phoned-in business as usual .
1	the piano teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
1	the pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
1	the movie bounces all over the map .
1	the whole film has this sneaky feel to it  as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .
0	in the director's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
0	painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
1	none of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of sorority boys is as appalling as any 'comedy' to ever spill from a projector's lens .
1	it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
1	bullock's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
0	it's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old ferris bueller .
1	calculated swill .
1	chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it's . . . like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
1	you get the impression that writer and director burr steers knows the territory . . . but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
1	a quaint , romanticized rendering .
1	it becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . " interview " loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a tv episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
1	the movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
1	it is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by southern blacks as distilled through a caucasian perspective .
1	what's really sad is to see two academy award winning actresses ( and one academy award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that's tv sitcom material at best .
1	it's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
0	overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very imaxy .
1	millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
1	even film silliness needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
0	if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
1	. . . its stupidities wind up sticking in one's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
0	this riveting world war ii moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of american culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
1	a woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
1	i could just feel the screenwriter at every moment 'tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away' on this screenplay .
1	i wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
1	this loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
1	the cold turkey would've been a far better title .
1	build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own mystery science theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
0	exhilarating , funny and fun .
0	here's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
1	the film doesn't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made spy kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
0	this cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
1	here's a self-congratulatory 3d imax rah-rah .
0	it's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
0	the film's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
0	for most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
0	a true-blue delight .
0	birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
0	the film may appear naked in its narrative form . . . but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the catholic doctrine
0	a stylistic romp that's always fun to watch .
1	where tom green stages his gags as assaults on america's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
0	broomfield turns his distinctive 'blundering' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
1	the movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
0	it's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
1	just isn't as weird as it ought to be .
0	it's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
0	in the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters  damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
1	it's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
0	without resorting to camp or parody , haynes ( like sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
1	a listless and desultory affair .
1	yes , ballistic is silly . unfortunately , it's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
0	an off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
0	it's enough to watch huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that chabrol spins .
0	a fine production with splendid singing by angela gheorghiu , ruggero raimondi , and roberto alagna .
0	what a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
0	an engrossing iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
0	michael moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he's got as potent a topic as ever here .
1	the stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002's first quarter .
1	an uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
0	a sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really isn't .
1	we never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
1	lacking gravitas , macdowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . leave these flowers unpicked -- they're dead on the vine .
1	never again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
0	even when he's not at his most critically insightful , godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
1	directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
0	methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , secret ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
0	i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
0	like an episode of mtv's undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance . . . indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
1	if this is satire , it's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
1	an allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals african american professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
0	manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
1	at times , however , dogtown and z-boys lapses into an insider's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
0	stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
1	in the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director roger kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of . . . outrageous gags .
1	it's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
1	by the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , . . . actually pretty good . of course , by more objective measurements it's still quite bad .
1	it may be a prize winner , but teacher is a bomb .
0	a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood's comic-book adaptations .
1	even the imaginative gore can't hide the musty scent of todd farmer's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
0	the script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
1	was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck's next project . let's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what's next . . . ghost blimp ?
0	there's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of birthday girl .
1	while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
0	os universos de chuck barris e charlie kaufman so complementares . e igualmente fascinantes .
1	the soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
0	a zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
1	director uwe boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
0	a portrait of an artist .
0	attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
0	notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
0	it's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
1	it cannot be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . yes , dull .
0	sum " is jack ryan's " do-over . " give credit to everyone from robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . especially give credit to affleck .
0	a " black austin powers ? " i prefer to think of it as " pootie tang with a budget . " sa da tay !
0	. it's a testament to the film's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . there's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls . . .
1	a singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
0	there's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
0	jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
0	like kissing jessica stein , amy's orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
1	a rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
1	a compendium of solondz's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
1	life or something like it has its share of high points , but it misses too many opportunities .
0	davis . . . gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft ally mcbeal-style fantasy sequences .
0	'no es la mejor cinta de la serie , ni la mejor con brosnan a la cabeza , pero de que entretiene ni duda cabe . '
0	the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it doesn't go too much further .
1	all in all , there's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
0	[ferrera] has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
0	escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
0	throughout , mr . audiard's direction is fluid and quick .
1	men in black ii has sequel-itis something fierce . an ungainly , comedy-deficient , b-movie rush job . . .
1	director oliver parker labors so hard to whip life into the importance of being earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
1	the histrionic muse still eludes madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
1	despite the surface attractions -- conrad l . hall's cinematography will likely be nominated for an oscar next year -- there's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
1	the holiday message of the 37-minute santa vs . the snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
1	ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing .
0	this horror-comedy doesn't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count elvira's hooters .
1	you . . . get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
0	'blue crush' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
1	the french director has turned out nearly 21/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
1	this kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that i even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
1	in the not-too-distant future , movies like ghost ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . right now , they're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
1	there's no getting around the fact that this is revenge of the nerds revisited -- again .
0	though the story . . . is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
0	it may be a no-brainer , but at least it's a funny no-brainer .
1	as david letterman and the onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
1	so brisk is wang's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
0	the footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with suge knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
0	the first shocking thing about sorority boys is that it's actually watchable . even more baffling is that it's funny .
1	rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
1	it's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
1	the dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .
0	[grant's] bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
0	the most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any " jackass " fan could want .
1	one of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
0	entertains by providing good , lively company .
0	miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
0	like mike isn't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
1	a sudsy cautionary tale .
0	decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . the unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
1	wait for it to hit cable .
0	if you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
1	more tiring than anything .
1	granddad of le nouvelle vague , jean-luc godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
1	scotland , pa is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
1	not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
1	wildly incompetent but brilliantly named half past dead -- or for seagal pessimists : totally past his prime .
0	lee's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that brown played in american culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
0	a return to pure disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
1	low comedy doesn't come much lower .
0	the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
0	cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
0	from spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , vincent's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of jean renoir .
1	no matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a michael jackson sort of way .
1	animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
0	the most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
1	white hasn't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
0	one of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
0	frailty isn't as gory or explicit . but in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
0	while not all that bad of a movie , it's nowhere near as good as the original .
1	with zoe clarke-williams's lackluster thriller " new best friend " , who needs enemies ? just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
1	the movie doesn't generate a lot of energy . it is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
0	although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
0	murderous maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by testud . . . and parmentier .
0	a modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
0	filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
1	a bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
0	visually striking and viscerally repellent .
0	if reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show isn't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
0	raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
0	in his debut as a director , washington has a sure hand . his work with actors is particularly impressive .
0	all in all , it's a pretty good execution of a story that's a lot richer than the ones hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
1	deep down , i realized the harsh reality of my situation : i would leave the theater with a lower i . q . than when i had entered .
0	a feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
0	what really surprises about wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
1	earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
0	. . . tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
0	reign of fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
1	the best you can say about it is it's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
1	harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment .
1	though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought , the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
0	much of what we see is horrible but it's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
1	what ultimately makes windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
1	good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .
0	each of these stories has the potential for touched by an angel simplicity and sappiness , but thirteen conversations about one thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
1	a horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
0	insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . but the performances of pacino , williams , and swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
1	a soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for nba properties .
0	an unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
1	as crimes go , writer-director michael kalesniko's how to kill your neighbor's dog is slight but unendurable .
1	a sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
0	the best of the pierce brosnan james bond films to date .
0	a solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
1	a lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic disney adaptation of j . m . barrie's peter pan .
1	with its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichs .
0	kinnear and dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
0	splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
1	the explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
0	transforms one of [shakespeare's] deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
0	the pitch must have read like a discarded house beautiful spread .
0	meyjes' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
0	a delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
0	the paradiso's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film's final ( restored ) thirdemotionally belittle a cinema classic . sometimes shorter is better .
1	. . . just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
0	from blushing to gushing---imamura squirts the screen in warm water under a red bridge'
1	a sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
1	i loved looking at this movie . i just didn't care as much for the story .
1	a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
1	the film is all over the place , really . it dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
1	anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
1	before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , steven shainberg's adaptation of mary gaitskill's harrowing short story . . . is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
1	vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much .
0	a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
0	there are moments of hilarity to be had .
1	we just don't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
0	among the year's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
1	stale and clichd to a fault .
0	an intoxicating experience .
0	brave and sweetly rendered love story .
1	the film didn't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .
0	nice piece of work .
1	it goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
1	director boris von sychowski instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
0	unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
0	rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
0	reminiscent of alfred hitchcock's thrillers , most of the scary parts in 'signs' occur while waiting for things to happen .
1	zaidan's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
0	bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
0	like shrek , spirit's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
0	a movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
1	fans of the tv series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored .
0	two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
0	a lot of the credit for the film's winning tone must go to grant , who hasn't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the atlantic love him .
0	its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
1	high crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government/ marine/legal mystery , and that's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
0	a sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling effect of loss .
1	a generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it isn't merely offensive .
1	it's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
1	this movie is about lying , cheating , but loving the friends you betray .
0	director charles stone iii applies more detail to the film's music than to the story line ; what's best about drumline is its energy .
0	demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
0	a sensitive and astute first feature by anne-sophie birot .
1	it's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the cannes film festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
1	any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director jon purdy's sledgehammer sap .
0	will certainly appeal to asian cult cinema fans and asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
1	gangs of new york is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
0	it's never dull and always looks good .
0	bogdanovich taps deep into the hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
1	by the end , i was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
1	the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
0	a moving story of determination and the human spirit .
1	it's as if allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
0	spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
1	bad and baffling from the get-go .
0	enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
0	takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
1	queen of the damned is too long with too little going on .
0	kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
1	ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy clich of the ugly american abroad , and the too-frosty exterior ms . paltrow employs to authenticate her british persona is another liability .
0	the film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .
1	some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
0	a compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
1	skillful as he is , mr . shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
1	[gayton's script] telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
1	everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
1	if kaufman kept cameron diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he'd have them mate .
1	it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
0	far from heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it's a work of enthralling drama .
1	the film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
1	nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of elizabeth hurley's breasts -- is authentic .
1	the direction , by george hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
1	no amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie's lack of ideas .
0	k 19 stays afloat as decent drama/action flick
0	the filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
0	the film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
1	even if it made its original release date last fall , it would've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
0	stands as a document of what it felt like to be a new yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9/11 .
0	people cinema at its finest .
0	in a summer of clones , harvard man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
1	even if you feel like you've seen this movie a thousand times before , it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to belushi's easy-going likableness .
0	this cinema verite speculation on the assassination of john f . kennedy may have been inspired by blair witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
0	there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot . . . a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics
1	some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . stealing harvard can't even do that much . each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
1	a close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .
1	a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
1	a really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
0	weird , vulgar comedy that's definitely an acquired taste .
1	they ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
0	the wanton slipperiness of * corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
0	often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but seldahl and wollter's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
1	a major waste . . . generic .
0	return to never land may be another shameless attempt by disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it's not half-bad .
1	suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as dahmer demands .
0	kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night matthew was killed .
1	makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
1	completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
1	not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
0	the amazing film work is so convincing that by movies' end you'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
0	a well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
1	better to just call it abc kiarostami . for aids and africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
1	queen of the damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
0	one of the year's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
1	intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
0	the picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
1	i thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as i slogged my way through clockstoppers .
0	wise and deadpan humorous .
1	jolie's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
1	i have to admit i walked out of runteldat . i did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
1	a mess . the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .
1	welles groupie/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .
1	. . . the picture's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
1	a banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
1	a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years .
0	maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road . . . but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .
0	even if you don't know the band or the album's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st century .
0	a sensitive , cultivated treatment of greene's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
1	the film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
0	" home movie " is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
0	all leather pants & augmented boobs , hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching sarandon .
1	as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
1	flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
1	fairly run-of-the-mill .
1	the humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
0	the performances take the movie to a higher level .
0	it pulls the rug out from under you , just when you're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character , something happens to send you off in different direction .
1	imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
0	ong's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent chinese immigrant's experiences in new york city .
0	there has to be a few advantages to never growing old . like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you're over 100 .
0	watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that hitchens' obsession with kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
1	snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like 'masterpiece' and 'triumph' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers' time with a gobbler like this .
1	the iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
1	boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
1	even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
0	twohy's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
0	worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance .
1	the film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of america's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .
1	sheridan seems terrified of the book's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony .
1	acting , particularly by tambor , almost makes " never again " worthwhile , but [writer/director] schaeffer should follow his titular advice
0	medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . that's why sex and lucia is so alluring .
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough .
0	the film has several strong performances .
1	every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . consider this review life-affirming .
1	only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms will find anything here to appreciate .
1	meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .
0	as they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , signs is a tribute to shyamalan's gifts , which are such that we'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
1	you can practically smell the patchouli oil .
0	directing with a sure and measured hand , [haneke] steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
1	a man leaving the screening said the film was better than saving private ryan . he may have meant the internet short saving ryan's privates . but windtalkers doesn't beat that one , either .
0	it's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
1	there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
1	the movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny phonce and his several silly subplots .
0	it'll keep you wide awake and . . . very tense .
1	shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors . . .
1	a chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece . . . so dull that its tagline should be : 'in space , no one can hear you snore . '
1	becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring .
0	maud and roland's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but labute pulls off a neater trick in possession : he makes language sexy .
1	despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .
0	it's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and i think that's what i liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
0	what could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
1	. . . there's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
0	a compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother's hold over her .
0	sturdy , entertaining period drama . . . both caine and fraser have their moments .
0	a harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
0	coppola's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
1	adrift , bentley and hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
1	how do you spell clich ?
1	high drama , disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
1	the entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
1	davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that doesn't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .
0	succeeds only because bullock and grant were made to share the silver screen .
0	if your senses haven't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
1	the drama discloses almost nothing .
0	although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
0	sleek and arty .
1	there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
1	exists then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
1	a dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
0	i enjoyed time of favor while i was watching it , but i was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
0	australian filmmaker david flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
0	greengrass ( working from don mullan's script ) forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in northern ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .
0	as refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
0	goyer's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
0	. . . spiced with humor ( 'i speak fluent flatula , ' advises denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( silver's parrot has been replaced with morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
0	robin williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of bicentennial man in favour of an altogether darker side .
1	it is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
1	dreary , highly annoying . . . 'some body' will appeal to no one .
0	elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
1	the sinister inspiration that fuelled devito's early work is confused in death to smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
0	piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
1	sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
1	in the new guy , even the bull gets recycled .
0	it's no accident that the accidental spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
0	samuel beckett applied to the iranian voting process .
1	a rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
1	on the right track to something that's creepy and effective . . . it's just going to take more than a man in a bullwinkle costume to get there .
1	enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
1	if the title is a jeopardy question , then the answer might be " how does steven seagal come across these days ? " or maybe " how will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of the rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
0	a jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every clich of japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
0	this movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but it's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it .
1	very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
1	while the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an american movie might demand , scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a hollywood production .
0	although german cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world's best cuisine , mostly martha could make deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
0	like kubrick , soderbergh isn't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
1	[soderbergh] tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
0	light , cute and forgettable .
0	what's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
0	time out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
0	eyre is on his way to becoming the american indian spike lee .
1	enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
0	makes one thing abundantly clear . american musical comedy as we know it wouldn't exist without the precedent of yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun's-sake communal spirit goes to the essence of broadway .
0	made to be jaglomized is the cannes film festival , the annual riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . the charming result is festival in cannes .
0	sweet home alabama isn't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
1	hollywood's answer to an air ball .
1	lyne's latest , the erotic thriller unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
1	nair just doesn't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
1	kung pow is oedekerk's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
0	a bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract frank tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist's career .
0	manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
0	more romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
1	amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
1	. . . the movie is just a plain old monster .
0	despite its faults , gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
1	. . . one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .
0	canada's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the inuit people .
1	as tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne tv sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
1	both stars manage to be funny , but , like the recent i spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie .
1	interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
0	the ring is worth a look , if you don't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .
1	comedy troupe broken lizard's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .
0	the 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you can't fight your culture .
0	a delightful coming-of-age story .
1	it's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but notorious c . h . o . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
0	a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
0	when it's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , " real women have curves " is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
0	bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he can't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
0	the delicious trimmingsarrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minutewith a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind's liberating ability to triumph over a scrooge or two .
0	the movie is well done , but slow .
1	a sentimental mess that never rings true .
1	the chocolate factory without charlie .
1	lan yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama , but it doesn't even try for the greatness that happy together shoots for ( and misses ) .
1	sam mendes has become valedictorian at the school for soft landings and easy ways out .
0	if you love the music , and i do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary . . .
1	some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like ballistic : ecks vs . sever , were made for the palm screen .
0	the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis .
1	eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , caruso's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
0	combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
0	the cat's meow marks a return to form for director peter bogdanovich . . .
1	it's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
0	that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . .
1	the trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of showgirls .
1	an appalling 'ace ventura' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together kevin pollak , former wrestler chyna and dolly parton . if any of them list this 'credit' on their resumes in the future , that'll be much funnier than anything in the film . . .
1	clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that doesn't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
0	the sort of film that makes me miss hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there's hope for popular cinema yet .
0	the film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- muccino either doesn't notice when his story ends or just can't tear himself away from the characters -- but it's smooth and professional .
1	. . . the efforts of its star , kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
1	by the time you reach the finale , you're likely wondering why you've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
0	a masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
1	hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole' miss in the way of story .
0	gives everyone something to shout about .
0	the film gets close to the chimps the same way goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
0	though the plot is predictable , the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
0	an entertaining british hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
0	the film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
0	about schmidt is nicholson's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing king lear .
1	ozpetek offers an aids subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like antonia can feel good about themselves .
0	leave it to rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
0	there is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
0	ian holm conquers france as an earthy napoleon
1	a lousy movie that's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
0	the story line may be 127 years old , but el crimen del padre amaro . . . couldn't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the catholic establishment .
0	we do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
1	you come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that's at the center of the story .
0	if you thought tom hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you've seen him eight stories tall .
0	spend your benjamins on a matinee .
1	the ethos of the chelsea hotel may shape hawke's artistic aspirations , but he hasn't yet coordinated his own dv poetry with the beat he hears in his soul .
1	no , i don't know why steven seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
1	sunshine state lacks the kind of dynamic that limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
0	imagine o . henry's <b>the gift of the magi</b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc's drug scene . merry friggin' christmas !
1	i like it . no , i hate it . no , i love it . . . hell , i dunno .
1	all analyze that proves is that there is really only one movie's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
1	grating and tedious .
0	as a director , paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
1	what soured me on the santa clause 2 was that santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it's icky .
1	a better title , for all concerned , might be swept under the rug .
1	a family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
0	the magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
0	as a vehicle to savour binoche's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
1	the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
0	it's funny , as the old saying goes , because it's true .
1	that such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year's worst cinematic tragedies .
0	while we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for blade ii .
1	frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .
0	none of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting isn't , either , and you wouldn't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
1	sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
1	like showgirls and glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
0	a film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
0	the whole mildly pleasant outing -- the r rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of tim allen .
1	the irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
0	a directorial tour de force by bernard rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year's very best pictures .
1	the angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
1	if the movie were all comedy , it might work better . but it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
1	obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of hey arnold ! the movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
1	a movie that can't get sufficient distance from leroy's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
1	coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
1	[a] stale retread of the '53 original .
0	while undercover brother is definitely one for the masses , it's also full of sharp , smart satire .
1	ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
1	friday after next is a lot more bluster than bite .
0	the results , if not memorable , are at least interesting .
1	. . . what a banal bore the preachy circuit turns out to be
0	williams absolutely nails sy's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
1	when not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack , the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since macy gray's game of chinese whispers with mr bean .
1	it's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and i think even fans of sandler's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
0	as hugh grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , 'lovely ! brilliant ! '
1	the movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . i tried to read the time on my watch .
1	bad company . bad movie . just plain bad .
0	an unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
1	the truth is that the truth about charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
0	beautifully crafted and brutally honest , promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the middle east struggle and into the humanity of its people .
1	there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
1	in the second half of the film , frei's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives nachtwey for self-analysis .
0	you can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
1	forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
1	it isn't that stealing harvard is a horrible movieif only it were that grand a failure ! it's just that it's so not-at-all-good . and i expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director bruce mcculloch .
0	the script by david koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul . . . he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
1	the man from elysian fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
0	fans of the modern day hong kong action film finally have the worthy successor to a better tomorrow and the killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
1	there are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
1	the venezuelans say things like " si , pretty much " and " por favor , go home " when talking to americans . that's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of " dragonfly . "
0	'they' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying i'm still stunned . and i've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
1	there are plenty of scenes in frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
0	this is carion's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
0	entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .
0	hatosy . . . portrays young brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
1	less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
1	affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that ford effortlessly filled with authority .
1	in this film , aussie david caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of guy ritchie .
1	what's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
0	the film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
1	other than a mildly engaging central romance , hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
0	although jackson is doubtless reserving the darkest hours for the return of the king , we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of the two towers .
1	cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
1	as befits its title , this pg-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the snuggle fabric softener bear .
1	trying to figure out the rules of the country bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax einstein's brain .
1	it wouldn't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $7 . 00 .
1	will no doubt delight plympton's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .
1	cold , sterile and lacking any color or warmth .
0	spare but quietly effective retelling .
1	there is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
0	a stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
0	talk to her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it's hard to stop watching .
0	rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as monsoon wedding .
0	caruso sometimes descends into sub-tarantino cuteness . . . but for the most part he makes sure the salton sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
1	fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
0	a true pleasure .
0	i liked about schmidt a lot , but i have a feeling that i would have liked it much more if harry & tonto never existed .
1	impostor can't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
0	short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of eudora welty .
0	lejos del paraso es al mismo tiempo una fiesta para los ojos y odos y un movilizador cuadro de personajes enfrentados a sus propios deseos , miedos y prejuicios .
1	hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
1	the movie's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette juliette lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named minnie and watching slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
0	at times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , ignorant fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
0	the beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
1	as it stands it's an opera movie for the buffs .
0	they crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . and we don't avert our eyes for a moment .
1	starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
0	good-naturedly cornball sequel .
0	sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy . . . attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called 'my husband is travis bickle' .
0	featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
0	this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers .
1	human nature is a goofball movie , in the way that malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
1	worthy of the gong .
1	without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
1	jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
1	an unremarkable , modern action/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .
0	once again , director jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action/effects on the spectacular scale .
0	a dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3d goggles the theater provides .
0	for the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
1	eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
1	to say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
0	like other great documentaries . . . this goes after one truth ( the ford administration's complicity in tearing 'orphans' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
0	an amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
1	this is really just another genre picture .
0	walter hill's undisputed is like a 1940s warner bros . b picture , and i mean that as a compliment .
1	plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
0	impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
1	after several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of jerry bruckheimer productions , especially because half past dead is like the rock on a wal-mart budget .
1	the movie's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
1	some actors steal scenes . tom green just gives them a bad odor . this self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy stealing harvard , but he's the most obvious one .
1	however stale the material , lawrence's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .
1	sometimes it feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and starred chevy chase and goldie hawn .
1	a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
1	[it's] difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of american chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
1	its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
0	there has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently . . . but peter mattei's love in the time of money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .
1	a dreadful live-action movie .
0	the two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath . . .
1	elicits more groans from the audience than jar jar binks , scrappy doo and scooby dumb , all wrapped up into one .
0	hollywood ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
0	it has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and mandy moore leaves a positive impression .
0	it may seem long at 110 minutes if you're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
0	. . . a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
1	good for a few unintentional laughs , " extreme ops " was obviously made for the " xxx " crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
0	corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . it's the perfect kind of film to see when you don't want to use your brain . at all .
1	a clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
1	this misty-eyed southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
0	generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
0	amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
1	the premise itself is just sooooo tired . pair that with really poor comedic writing . . . and you've got a huge mess .
1	a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . in the wrong hands , i . e . peploe's , it's simply unbearable
0	a lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s european-set spy pictures .
0	an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
0	does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character's story .
0	morvern rocks .
1	who are 'they' ? well , they're 'they' . they're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid . they exist for hushed lines like " they're back ! " , " they're out there ! " and " they're coming ! "
0	there is a kind of attentive concern that hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
0	poignant and moving , a walk to remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
1	when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ?
1	only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of elizabeth berkley's flopping dolphin-gasm .
0	to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
0	'stock up on silver bullets for director neil marshall's intense freight train of a film . '
0	real women have curves doesn't offer any easy answers .
1	all the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
0	poignant japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
0	although the editing might have been tighter , hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern japan .
1	quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
0	at just over an hour , home movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
0	a subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; the pianist does not .
0	a gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn jerusalem .
0	though in some ways similar to catherine breillat's fat girl , rain is the far superior film .
0	the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them .
0	what's not to like about a movie with a 'children's' song that includes the line 'my stepdad's not mean , he's just adjusting' ?
0	it's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
1	the film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch christian right propaganda machine into national media circles .
1	boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
0	claire is a terrific role for someone like judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
0	lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
1	hey , at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it's heading .
0	far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features nickelodeon has made from its other animated tv series .
0	in scope , ambition and accomplishment , children of the century . . . takes kurys' career to a whole new level .
0	some may choose to interpret the film's end as hopeful or optimistic but i think payne is after something darker .
0	you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored . . . audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
1	what's most offensive isn't the waste of a good cast , but the film's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
1	despite juliet stevenon's attempt to bring cohesion to pamela's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
0	the byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , carmen ( vega ) and juni ( sabara ) cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
0	i hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
1	true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
0	griffiths proves she's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
1	there are things to like about murder by numbers -- but , in the end , the disparate elements don't gel .
1	slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
1	none of these characters resembles anyone you've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
0	awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
0	the 3-d vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
1	dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
1	like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
1	seems like someone going through the motions .
0	the movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
1	the hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
1	high crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , morgan freeman and ashley judd .
1	although based on a real-life person , john , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
1	the movie turns out to be [assayas'] homage to the gallic 'tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
1	i can't recommend it . but it's surprisingly harmless .
1	the film's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
0	narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
0	i liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
0	thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
0	vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two english women .
0	the kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
0	apart from its own considerable achievement , metropolis confirms tezuka's status as both the primary visual influence on the anim tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
1	a simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
0	bow's best moments are when he's getting busy on the basketball court because that's when he really scores .
1	another big , dumb action movie in the vein of xxx , the transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black bmw through .
1	it's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much norma rae and not enough pretty woman .
0	majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
0	the film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . the extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
1	the cameo-packed , m : i-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise . . . then mike myers shows up and ruins everything .
0	the determination of pinochet's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
1	dilbert without the right-on satiric humor .
0	there's a vastness implied in metropolis that is just breathtaking .
0	a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
0	el peso de un lquido incoloro , el peso del lquido vital , del amor como elemento de vida , y de muerte . . .
0	an awfully good , achingly human picture .
0	this is simply the most fun you'll ever have with a documentary !
0	if you've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . this is the best star trek movie in a long time .
1	this re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
1	[seagal's] strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year's razzie .
1	the scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film's characters .
1	goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing . . . but she and writing partner laurence coriat don't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
1	the young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
1	i'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
0	the most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-semitism and neo-fascism .
1	the film doesn't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes wilco a big deal .
1	a stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
0	the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
1	the plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
1	the movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
1	an overwrought taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .
0	the film's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
1	plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
1	not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
0	exploits [headbanger] stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
1	with its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters . . . margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
1	john mctiernan's botched remake may be subtler than norman jewison's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . it's also stupider .
0	hatfield and hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie's political ramifications .
1	now i can see why people thought i was too hard on " the mothman prophecies " .
1	it recycles every clich about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
0	it's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
1	it sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
0	reign of fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond road warrior , it owes enormous debts to aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
0	. . . the story , like ravel's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
0	the vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
1	succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the police academy series .
1	love may have been in the air onscreen , but i certainly wasn't feeling any of it .
0	we root for [clara and paul] , even like them , though perhaps it's an emotion closer to pity .
1	not only are the film's sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this 'we're -doing-it-for -the-cash' sequel were .
0	ryosuke has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
0	. . . a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
1	resembles a soft porn brian de palma pastiche .
0	atom egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
0	nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
1	the densest distillation of roberts' movies ever made .
0	takashi miike keeps pushing the envelope : ichi the killer
0	there are so few films about the plight of american indians in modern america that skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
1	its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie's presentation , which is way too stagy .
1	a summary of the plot doesn't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
0	wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
0	offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
1	the original wasn't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
0	it uses an old-time formula , it's not terribly original and it's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie my big fat greek wedding .
0	as a science fiction movie , " minority report " astounds .
0	spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
1	i think it was plato who said , 'i think , therefore i know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
0	graas s interaes entre seus personagens , o filme torna-se no apenas uma histria divertida sobre uma curiosa perseguio , mas tambm um belo estudo de personagens .
1	sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler . but never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
0	labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone .
1	a pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
1	gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
0	it's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
1	essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
0	the story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director shekhar kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
0	parts seem like they were lifted from terry gilliam's subconscious , pressed through kafka's meat grinder and into buuel's casings
0	kinnear . . . gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life's ultimate losers .
0	. . . a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
1	. . . overly melodramatic . . .
1	the characters are based on stock clichs , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
1	it's tough being a black man in america , especially when the man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
0	for the first time in years , de niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
1	full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
1	ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
0	. . . certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . but something seems to be missing . a sense of real magic , perhaps .
1	an often unfunny romp .
0	the dangerous lives of altar boys' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
0	[clooney's] debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the coen brothers and steven soderbergh .
1	what starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
1	[w]hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , jane goodall's wild chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
0	mel gibson fights the good fight in vietnam in director randall wallace's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
1	the very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
0	laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl's dilemma .
1	forget the psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this won't seem like such a bore .
1	this painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications . . . that have no bearing on the story .
0	with an expressive face reminiscent of gong li and a vivid personality like zhang ziyi's , dong stakes out the emotional heart of happy .
1	what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles' book does not translate well to the screen .
0	even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
1	what you expect is just what you get . . . assuming the bar of expectations hasn't been raised above sixth-grade height .
1	the most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 miles to graceland .
1	this is a movie that starts out like heathers , then becomes bring it on , then becomes unwatchable .
1	most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
0	it's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a southern gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .
0	the terrific and bewilderingly underrated campbell scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
0	we admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
1	" freaky friday , " it's not .
0	writer/director david caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
1	jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
0	one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while . . .
0	i don't know if frailty will turn bill paxton into an a-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
0	a captivating new film .
0	bring on the sequel .
0	the movie is a trove of delights .
0	engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
0	it's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
0	lauren ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
0	does point the way for adventurous indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
0	a work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
0	an incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
1	given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors' workshop that it is .
0	director of photography benoit delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
0	michel piccoli's moving performance is this films reason for being .
0	amazing ! a college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
0	not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
1	does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in- the-blanks with a tragic past .
0	fun and nimble .
1	a dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any hollywood fluff .
0	whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama isn't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
0	a confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
0	. . . a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
0	a quiet , disquieting triumph .
1	the character of zigzag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
0	so fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . not to mention absolutely refreshed .
1	it's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the national basketball association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy lil' bow wow .
0	occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for zhao .
0	several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one expects from current teen fare .
1	suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
1	imagine if you will a tony hawk skating video interspliced with footage from behind enemy lines and set to jersey shore techno .
0	chalk it up to my adoration for both de niro and murphy , but i had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
0	has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
0	" simone " is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
1	they do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .
0	recoing's fantastic performance doesn't exactly reveal what makes vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat .
1	talkiness isn't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
1	about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men .
0	it is intensely personal and yet -- unlike quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
1	the film is so packed with subplots involving the various silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a tv series than a feature film .
1	consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director i admire .
0	blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological .
1	no one can doubt the filmmakers' motives , but the guys still feels counterproductive .
1	too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story wouldn't work without all those gimmicks .
1	the parts are better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in new york ) .
1	some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
0	it manages to squeeze by on angelina jolie's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
0	although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five filipino-americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
0	the film's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
1	an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
1	in the book-on-tape market , the film of " the kid stays in the picture " would be an abridged edition
0	scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
1	a limp eddie murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
0	it's a ripper of a yarn and i for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . naomi watts is terrific as rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
0	it challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
0	it remains to be seen whether statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?
0	the real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , jean reno , who resembles sly stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .
1	plays like a volatile and overlong w magazine fashion spread .
0	the entire cast is first-rate , especially sorvino .
1	louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense .
0	rubbo's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
0	the story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
1	neither as scary-funny as tremors nor demented-funny as starship troopers , the movie isn't tough to take as long as you've paid a matinee price .
0	for anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man's response to stroke , ram dass : fierce grace is worth seeking out .
1	an unclassifiably awful study in self- and audience-abuse .
1	though harris is affecting at times , he cannot overcome the sense that pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
1	nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and showtime is crammed full of them .
0	the very definition of the 'small' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director sprecher .
0	. . . a solid , unassuming drama .
1	off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .
0	sorvino is delightful in the central role . she nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
0	a metaphor for a modern-day urban china searching for its identity .
0	you have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie's failings .
1	partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
1	'in this poor remake of such a well loved classic , parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
1	meyjes focuses too much on max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the- making .
0	i like this movie a lot . i like that smith , he's not making fun of these people , he's not laughing at them .
0	this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
1	a benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
1	everything is off .
0	lathan and diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
0	post 9/11 the philosophical message of " personal freedom first " might not be as palatable as intended .
0	a film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : you experience it as you watch .
1	the impulses that produced this project . . . are commendable , but the results are uneven .
0	genuinely unnerving .
1	the latest vapid actor's exercise to appropriate the structure of arthur schnitzler's reigen .
0	beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling . . . recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
0	every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
0	apesar de seus graves problemas , o filme consegue entreter .
1	this one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
0	it's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that doesn't feel it has to prove anything .
1	romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . they cheapen the overall effect .
0	unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
1	breen's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
1	the somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make green dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
1	it's hard to pity the 'plain' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
0	if mostly martha is mostly unsurprising , it's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
1	fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . but the problem with wendigo , for all its effective moments , isn't really one of resources .
0	prancing his way through the tailor-made part of a male hooker approaching the end of his vitality , jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
0	it will break your heart many times over .
0	it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
0	y tu mam tambin es un buen filme gracias a lo poco convencional de su narrativa , y es quiz el proyecto ms arriesgado en la carrera de alfonso cuarn
1	even fans of ismail merchant's work , i suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
1	it's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
0	light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
1	by-the-numbers yarn .
0	although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , " orange county " is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
1	melanie eventually slugs the yankee . too bad the former murphy brown doesn't pop reese back .
0	intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
0	finally , the french-produced " read my lips " is a movie that understands characters must come first .
0	behind the snow games and lovable siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
0	although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
0	a piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .
0	worth the effort to watch .
0	a potent allegorical love story .
0	i whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie-- for its historical significance alone .
0	gran historia sobre el amor , la familia , la lealtad y la traicin que seguramente se convertir en un nuevo clsico del gnero .
0	a bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
0	this is a nervy , risky film , and villeneuve has inspired croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of bibi .
1	minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
0	smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
1	just as the lousy tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy guy ritchie imitation .
1	with rare birds , as with the shipping news before it , an attempt is made to transplant a hollywood star into newfoundland's wild soil -- and the rock once again resists the intrusion .
0	with dirty deeds , david caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
1	the ending doesn't work . . . but most of the movie works so well i'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .
1	newcomer helmer kevin donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept  a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
1	the master of disguise represents adam sandler's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
1	cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment . . . simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
0	[a] real pleasure in its laid-back way .
0	. . . digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
0	ferrara's best film in years .
1	theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
1	ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of louis begley's source novel ( about schmidt ) and an old payne screenplay .
0	the movie is brilliant , really . it is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
0	this version's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
1	at least it's a fairly impressive debut from the director , charles stone iii .
1	uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
0	the movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
1	at no point during k-19 : the widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .
1	yes , i have given this movie a rating of zero . but fans of the show should not consider this a diss . consider it 'perfection . '
0	bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via kirsten dunst's remarkable performance , he showcases davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
0	both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
1	technically and artistically inept .
1	solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that soderbergh's best films , " erin brockovich , " " out of sight " and " ocean's eleven , " never were .
1	nicholas nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into scrooge .
0	an impressive hybrid .
0	smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem .
0	maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
1	a distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
0	the whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film .
0	this is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the american underground .
0	a minor work yet there's no denying the potency of miller's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
0	hits one out of the park for the 'they don't make 'em like that anymore' department .
0	there are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it's going to be a trip . igby goes down is one of those movies .
0	an elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
1	boyd's screenplay ( co-written with guardian hack nick davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to guy ritchie than the bard of avon .
0	a strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
0	whether or not you buy mr . broomfield's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale mr . broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
1	the first fatal attraction was vile enough . do we really need the tiger beat version ?
0	the large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible imax sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
1	there's a lot of good material here , but there's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .
1	nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
1	hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ain't pretty .
1	despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director peter mattei's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
1	morrissette's script and direction show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but it doesn't signify a whole lot either .
0	hugely accomplished slice of hitchcockian suspense .
0	the film's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that's opened between them .
1	the ga-zillionth airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
0	a captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
0	the leanest and meanest of solondz's misanthropic comedies .
0	boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
1	the screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
0	diverting french comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .
1	none of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
1	if i spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
1	the plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
1	" collateral damage " goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment  until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
1	the mushy finale turns john q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
1	rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to the rising place that would set it apart from other deep south stories .
0	more than anything else , kissing jessica stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake sleepless in seattle again and again .
1	a sour , nasty offering .
0	it's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most american representations of castro .
1	as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
1	de niro cries . you'll cry for your money back .
1	tom green and an ivy league college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like stealing harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
0	tailored to entertain !
1	rymer doesn't trust laughs -- and doesn't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
1	this is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the cliff-notes over reading a full-length classic .
0	the movie's captivating details are all in the performances , from foreman's barking-mad taylor to thewlis's smoothly sinister freddie and bettany/mcdowell's hard-eyed gangster .
0	reassuring , retro uplifter .
0	dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
0	a conventional but heartwarming tale .
0	in the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama how i killed my father , french director anne fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
0	this is what imax was made for : strap on a pair of 3-d goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
1	it's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
0	a generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
0	it's tough to watch , but it's a fantastic movie .
0	[fiji diver rusi vulakoro and the married couple howard and michelle hall] show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
1	for a film about two mismatched buddies , crystal and de niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
1	flaunts its quirky excesses like a new year's eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
0	it's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that's actually sort of amazing .
1	the mystery of enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent . . . could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
0	a tone poem of transgression .
1	the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld ( who is also one of the film's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
0	delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
1	the film's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film's production design .
0	the santa clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
0	. . . planos fijos , tomas largas , un ritmo pausado y una sutil observacin de sus personajes , sin estridencias ni grandes revelaciones .
0	what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we've shared a great adventure .
1	this isn't even madonna's swept away . this is her blue lagoon .
1	too much of the humor falls flat .
0	not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially san francisco lovers -- it's a spirited film and a must-see .
1	with a " spy kids " sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a " snl " has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling roberto benigni ?
0	smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
1	a ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
0	the banter between calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise mclaughlin group . . . and never fails to entertain .
1	the obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old hanna-barbera charm .
1	the film's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
0	miyazaki is one of world cinema's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
1	a handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on pbs than a night out at an amc .
1	the sad thing about knockaround guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film isn't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
1	a movie that , rather than skip along the seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
0	one of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
0	culkin , who's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
0	when twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we'd live in if argento's hollywood counterparts . . . had this much imagination and nerve .
0	while somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you've got to hand it to director george clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
1	as a rumor of angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even ms . redgrave's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
1	places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
1	not since freddy got fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
0	but tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of for the most part wilde's droll whimsy helps " being earnest " overcome its weaknesses and parker's creative interference . . .
1	it's as if a bored cage spent the duration of the film's shooting schedule waiting to scream : " got aids yet ? "
0	ms sarcstica , divertida y demencial que su predecesora , es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos .
1	it has the right approach and the right opening premise , but it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material .
0	the best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
1	an inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
1	. . . a pretentious mess . . .
1	due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a teleprompter .
0	the unexplored story opportunities of " punch-drunk love " may have worked against the maker's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer/director anderson .
0	it's one heck of a character study -- not of hearst or davies but of the unique relationship between them .
1	well before it's over , beijing bicycle begins spinning its wheels .
0	a polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
0	the lightest , most breezy movie steven spielberg has made in more than a decade . and the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
0	blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in kieran culkin a pitch-perfect holden .
0	'like a child with an important message to tell . . . [skins'] faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '
1	van wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase 'comedy gag . ' at least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
0	even when foreign directors . . . borrow stuff from hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
0	at its best , the good girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery . . .
0	is red dragon worthy of a place alongside the other hannibal movies ? as hannibal would say , yes , 'it's like having an old friend for dinner' .
0	" mr . deeds " is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
0	takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
0	austin powers in goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
0	it treats ana's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
1	most new movies have a bright sheen . some , like ballistic , arrive stillborn . . . looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
1	the most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since roland joff and demi moore's the scarlet letter .
1	press the delete key .
1	. . . silly humbuggery . . .
0	this movie may not have the highest production values you've ever seen , but it's the work of an artist , one whose view of america , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
1	innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .
0	in other words , it's just another sports drama/character study . yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . plus , like i already mentioned . . . it's robert duvall ! c'mon !
1	it's fun , but a psychological mess , with austin powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
0	it's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet i found it weirdly appealing .
1	one-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation . . . . stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
1	neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
1	what happened with pluto nash ? how did it ever get made ?
1	charlize chases kevin with a gun . courtney chases stuart with a cell phone . the sound of gunfire and cell phones ringing .
0	while the stoically delivered hokum of hart's war is never fun , it's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-saving private ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
1	the party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . the rest of the film . . . is dudsville .
0	the komediant is a tale worth catching .
0	many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .
1	an impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
0	it's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
1	a shame that stealing harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
1	a bravura exercise in emptiness .
1	is there enough material to merit a documentary on the making of wilco's last album ?
1	the film apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
0	lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
0	by the standards of knucklehead swill , the hot chick is pretty damned funny .
1	the acting is just fine , but there's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
0	not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
1	kids don't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . 'snow dogs' has both .
0	tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
1	an overstuffed compendium of teen-catholic-movie dogma .
0	nicolas philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern france in his documentary to be and to have , easily one of the best films of the year .
0	slight but enjoyable documentary .
1	the leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer's secondhand material .
1	not counting a few gross-out comedies i've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
0	( a ) hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning . . . ( but ) lohman's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer . . .
1	very well made , but doesn't generate a lot of tension .
1	it's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as the country bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at disneyland .
1	utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , roberto benigni's pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
0	the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
1	if you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
0	this version moves beyond the original's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
1	it made me realize that we really haven't had a good cheesy b-movie playing in theaters since . . . well . . . since last week's reign of fire .
0	although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , dogtown and z-boys has a compelling story to tell .
0	often hilarious .
0	a spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
1	. . . the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
0	possession is elizabeth barrett browning meets nancy drew , and it's directed by . . . neil labute . hmm .
1	there's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in point pleasant .
0	exhilarating but blatantly biased .
0	happily for mr . chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
0	the graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
0	adam sandler ! in an art film !
1	uncertain in tone . . . a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity short cuts by way of very bad things .
0	the rich performances by friel -- and especially williams , an american actress who becomes fully english -- round out the square edges .
0	" its successes are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right . "
1	there's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
1	if this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
1	adroit but finally a trifle flat , mad love doesn't galvanize its outrage the way , say , jane campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
1	the images are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where whitaker's misfit artist is concerned .
1	a dreary indulgence .
1	as steamy as last week's pork dumplings .
0	birthday girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
0	'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
0	. . . with the gifted pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
1	if you saw benigni's pinocchio at a public park , you'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
1	offers absolutely nothing i hadn't already seen .
0	beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . it really is a shame that more won't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet 'evelyn . '
0	a fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in japanese animation .
1	very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality can't hide the giant achilles' heel in " stuart little 2 " : there's just no story , folks .
0	nearly surreal , dabbling in french , this is no simple movie , and you'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . i enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
0	occasionally amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
0	all of it works smoothly under the direction of spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
0	the film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
0	despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is amy's self-absorbed personality -- amy's o's honesty will win you over .
1	not one moment in the enterprise didn't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .
0	the film's only missteps come from the script's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of abagnale's antics .
1	it doesn't help that the director and cinematographer stephen kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
0	the acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production's austere locales .
1	walter hill's pulpy , stylized boxing melodrama undisputed nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
1	based on a david leavitt story , the film shares that writer's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
0	this romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime england , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
0	that the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that chin's film serves up with style and empathy .
1	anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in 'the ring . '
1	as a director , eastwood is off his game -- there's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot 'surprises' are really surprising .
1	the exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
1	feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
1	why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the tv cow is free ? there's no good answer to that one .
0	dolgin and franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-american girl with a brand new name in southern tennessee .
0	a witty , low-key romantic comedy .
0	director-writer bille august . . . depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey martin's deterioration and barbara's sadness -- and , occasionally , anger .
0	the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
0	the pianist [is] a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life . here is a divine monument to a single man's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
1	one of the worst films of 2002 .
0	a virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .
1	as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
1	harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
0	a graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
1	it's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one .
0	touch !
1	without shakespeare's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
1	in the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a rsum loaded with credits like " girl in bar #3 . "
1	there are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made a walk to remember a niche hit .
1	a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . .
1	less about shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw quentin tarantino's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .
0	the movie plays up the cartoon's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
0	'alice's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
1	the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .
1	some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
1	the situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
0	beautifully produced .
1	what puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in britney spears' first movie .
0	like mike is a harmlessly nave slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real nba's off-season .
0	much of the lady and the duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
0	a moody horror/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
1	this rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens . . . or if it were subtler . . . or if it had a sense of humor .
1	an enigmatic film that's too clever for its own good , it's a conundrum not worth solving .
0	a thinly veiled look at different aspects of chinese life clashing with each other .
1	disappointing in comparison to other recent war moviesor any other john woo flick for that matter .
0	much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
0	it establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
1	it's probably not easy to make such a worthless film . . .
0	[a] thoughtful , visually graceful work .
0	young everlyn sampi , as the courageous molly craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
0	nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
0	. . . a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
0	led by griffin's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
1	overly stylized with lots of flash black-&-white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it's ) at its worst when it's actually inside the ring .
0	too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than pink floyd tickets .
1	there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television .
0	a brutal and funny work . nicole holofcenter , the insightful writer/director responsible for this illuminating comedy doesn't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
1	even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
0	tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
0	khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
1	unless you are in dire need of a diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . wait for video -- and then don't rent it .
0	as green-guts monster movies go , it's a beaut .
0	offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
0	an ambitious 'what if ? ' that works .
1	there's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
0	dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
1	with the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which they isn't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
1	culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-harry potter -- right down to the gryffindor scarf .
1	there's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
0	it isn't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
1	stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
1	it's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
0	a film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
1	the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .
1	by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived .
1	an empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
1	everything that was right about blade is wrong in its sequel .
0	mr . deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
1	why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
0	ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer's memory .
0	it's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
1	a gimmick in search of a movie : how to get carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
1	murphy and wilson actually make a pretty good team . . . but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
1	i could have used my two hours better watching being john malkovich again .
0	disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical " bedknobs and broomsticks , " which also dealt with british children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .
1	rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
0	this is a very fine movie -- go see it .
1	nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
1	too intensely focused on the travails of being hal hartley to function as pastiche , no such thing is hartley's least accessible screed yet .
0	it is a likable story , told with competence .
1	oversexed , at times overwrought comedy/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
0	evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
1	viewers of barney's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
1	an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .
1	audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
1	woody allen has really found his groove these days . the problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
0	it all plays out . . . like a high-end john hughes comedy , a kind of elder bueller's time out .
1	ultimately , jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
1	as his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in long time dead says 'i'm telling you , this is f * * * ed' . maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
1	a well-crafted letdown .
0	this quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
1	the script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
1	equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
0	invincible is a wonderful movie .
0	the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats' perspective .
0	it extends the writings of jean genet and john rechy , the films of fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of goya .
1	the only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
1	this is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
0	although estela bravo's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of cuban leader fidel castro , it's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
0	nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
0	hey , happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it's a love story as sanguine as its title .
1	pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
1	the sight of the name bruce willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind--maybe too much .
1	it's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
0	despite the film's bizarre developments , hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character's gripping humanity .
0	it's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
1	it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through .
0	while [roman coppola] scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .
1	one problem with the movie , directed by joel schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
0	it's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but olympia , wash . , based filmmakers anne de marcken and marilyn freeman did just that and it's what makes their project so interesting .
0	a touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by michel piccoli .
0	both flawed and delayed , martin scorcese's gangs of new york still emerges as his most vital work since goodfellas .
0	light-years ahead of paint-by-number american blockbusters like pearl harbor , at least artistically .
1	one of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
0	depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
0	rarely , a movie is more than a movie . go .
1	my own minority report is that it stinks .
1	unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
1	like being trapped at a perpetual frat party . . . how can something so gross be so boring ?
1	and people make fun of me for liking showgirls</> .
1	everybody loves a david and goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from david's point of view .
0	the storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
1	i can easily imagine benigni's pinocchio becoming a christmas perennial . coal isn't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children's stockings .
0	not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
0	'if you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
0	waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself .
1	if you've got a house full of tots -- don't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
0	what full frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . still , i'm not quite sure what the point is
0	intelligent and moving .
0	despite a story predictable enough to make the sound of music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
1	punitively affirmational parable .
0	sem se preocupar em criar momentos melodramticos para arrancar lgrimas do espectador , o pianista  um filme triste sem que , para isso , precise ser emocionante .
0	'si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
1	a mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic jackie chan to even younger audiences .
0	coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by ving rhames and wesley snipes .
0	the complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we westerners have seen before .
0	. . . a story we haven't seen on the big screen before , and it's a story that we as americans , and human beings , should know .
0	[t]his beguiling belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
0	a pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals will gulp down in a frenzy .
1	more precious than perspicacious
1	yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other's existence .
1	hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
1	got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1/2-hour , dissipated length .
0	it leaves little doubt that kidman has become one of our best actors .
1	this picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
0	a cartoon that's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
0	gay or straight , kissing jessica stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
0	it's stylishly directed with verve . . .
0	the acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
0	an incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
1	maudlin and melodramatic we expected . boring we didn't .
0	the film reminds me of a vastly improved germanic version of my big fat greek wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . the difference is that i truly enjoyed most of mostly martha while i ne
1	this rough trade punch-and-judy act didn't play well then and it plays worse now .
0	alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie . . . tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
1	'synthetic' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
0	a positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
1	not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined tv amiability that allen personifies .
0	savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
0	. . . a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of jean reno .
0	a poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
1	maybe leblanc thought , " hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . "
1	the film didn't convince me that calvin jr . 's barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of chicago's south side .
0	this isn't exactly profound cinema , but it's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
1	if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .
0	although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film doesn't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up catholic or , really , anything .
0	even if the ring has a familiar ring , it's still unusually crafty and intelligent for hollywood horror .
0	this road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you'll be glad you went along for the ride .
0	a solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
1	distinctly sub-par . . . more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
1	an achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
0	the casting of raymond j . barry as the 'assassin' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger's impressive fake documentary .
0	by surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
1	it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , " look at this ! this is an interesting movie ! " but the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
0	if you open yourself up to mr . reggio's theory of this imagery as the movie's set . . . it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
0	the ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
0	about as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
1	yet another iteration of what's become one of the movies' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally " superior " friends , family . . .
1	a road trip that will get you thinking , 'are we there yet ? '
1	just a bloody mess .
0	it inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental 'picture shows . '
0	jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
1	. . . better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
0	viewers of " the ring " are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
1	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
0	this is not chabrol's best , but even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer .
0	the laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while russell and dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
0	[howard] so good as leon barlow . . . that he hardly seems to be acting .
1	when [de palma's] bad , he's really bad , and femme fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
1	ultimately , sarah's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
1	a bad movie that happened to good actors .
1	cuba gooding jr . valiantly mugs his way through snow dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
0	a thought-provoking picture .
1	a few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics aren't likely to enter the theater .
0	not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
1	the campy results make mel brooks' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .
0	wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of star wars
0	a wonderful character-based comedy .
1	even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
1	comes . . . uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of the bicycle thief .
0	apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas i have ever seen on the screen .
0	you might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see " simone , " and consider a dvd rental instead .
1	the threat implied in the title pokmon 4ever is terrifying  like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
1	it's not without its pleasures , but i'll stick with the tune .
0	highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
1	a sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
0	perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , about schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
1	the cast is uniformly excellent . . . but the film itself is merely mildly charming .
0	foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
0	an absurdist spider web .
1	by getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , i found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
1	let's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : stay home .
0	the unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
0	highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved cool as ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
1	i'm sure there's a teenage boy out there somewhere who's dying for this kind of entertainment .
1	a sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
1	as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
0	delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
1	there are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple doesn't mean you have to check your brain at the door . the same should go for movie theaters .
1	largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .
0	this is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . mr . scorsese's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
0	" brown sugar " admirably aspires to be more than another " best man " clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
1	falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that aren't funny .
1	the movie gets muted and routine .
1	there's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
1	though frida is easier to swallow than julie taymor's preposterous titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
1	whereas last year's exemplary sexy beast seemed to revitalize the british gangster movie , this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
1	showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro .
0	go see it and enjoy .
1	. . . a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
1	the film has too many spots where it's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that's especially fit for the kiddies .
0	an unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
1	kung pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
1	. . . they missed the boat .
1	birot's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with christophe honor ) isn't so much bad as it is bland .
1	an amalgam of the fugitive , blade runner , and total recall , only without much energy or tension .
1	despite a performance of sustained intelligence from stanford and another of subtle humour from bebe neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich new york intelligentsia - and its off
1	plays like a checklist of everything rob reiner and his cast were sending up .
1	heavy-handed exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
1	cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
0	there are times when a rumor of angels plays like an extended episode of touched by an angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but i liked its heart and its spirit .
1	its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent dumas botch-jobs , the man in the iron mask and the musketeer .
0	it's unlikely we'll see a better thriller this year .
1	the exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you'll find in this dreary mess .
0	filled with alexandre desplat's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
0	renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
0	manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
1	director-chef gabriele muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .
0	proves mainly that south korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their hollywood counterparts .
0	an estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to diesel's xxx flex-a-thon .
0	stuart's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of snowball's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . but once the falcon arrives in the skies above manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
0	while the isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
0	ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a communion wafer without the wine .
0	an emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
1	pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
0	graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in american teen comedies .
1	la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
1	it's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .
1	this is so bad .
0	it is amusing , and that's all it needs to be .
1	the movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
1	an occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
1	this thing is virtually unwatchable .
1	not so much farcical as sour .
0	it's the perfect star vehicle for grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
0	land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
1	nothing but an episode of smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
0	frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
1	has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
1	flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
0	s1m0ne's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . it's a quirky , off-beat project . . . .
0	count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .
1	manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
1	befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
1	movies like high crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . how about surprising us by trying something new ?
1	lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
0	while this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
0	if the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
1	lanie's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she's driven by ambition and doesn't know how to have fun .
0	what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness .
1	fails to bring as much to the table .
1	the lousy lead performances . . . keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
0	a reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
0	these are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
1	if it's seldom boring , well , it's also rarely coherent .
0	barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
0	the movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
1	a movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes battlefield earth and showgirls .
0	polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own world war ii experience in his signature style .
1	a grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone's crazy french grandfather .
0	while insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , nolan's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
0	a vivid cinematic portrait .
0	the film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission . . . if " gory mayhem " is your idea of a good time .
0	energetic and boldly provocative .
0	cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of nijinsky's diaries .
1	combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , beck seems to be under the illusion that he's shooting the latest system of a down video .
1	the lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
1	most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
0	purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that u . s . foreign policy has played in the rise of castro .
1	though certainly original in form , altar boys requires a taste for swamp thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
0	it's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
1	the whole damn thing is ripe for the jerry springer crowd . it's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
1	a string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
0	( danny huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent's smirk .
1	a very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
1	[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
0	it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg's film is that it truly is romance
1	unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the reginald hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama .
0	for the most part , director anne-sophie birot's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
0	an engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
0	a photographic marvel of sorts , and it's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
1	return to never land is much more p . c . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
1	it's of the quality of a lesser harrison ford movie - six days , seven nights , maybe , or that dreadful sabrina remake .
0	too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience .
0	" the ring " is pretty much an english-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
1	eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema's directorial giants .
0	the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms . ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh's book trainspotting .
1	with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it's-good camp .
1	a few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and jordan brady's direction is prosaic .
1	an atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
1	miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
0	although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
0	an enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences the chteau is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
1	visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
0	[it's] a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
1	the director's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
0	u . s . audiences may find [attal and gainsbourg's] unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what hollywood typically concocts .
0	a recent favourite at sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of def leppard's pyromania .
0	judith and zaza's extended bedroom sequence . . . is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
1	a little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
1	some like it hot on the hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
0	twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
1	as pure over-the-top trash , any john waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
1	watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost .
0	if the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , jacquot preserves tosca's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
0	the tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern china in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
1	it's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it's all about the silences and if you're into that , have at it .
1	the average local news columnist has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town america .
0	[shyamalan] turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
1	just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
0	somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy .
1	one of the more glaring signs of this movie's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from ms . spears .
0	i have a confession to make : i didn't particularly like e . t . the first time i saw it as a young boy . that is because - damn it ! - i also wanted a little alien as a friend !
1	britney spears' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
1	it's as if solondz had two ideas for two movies , couldn't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped em together here .
1	demeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .
1	full frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . by that measure , it is a failure .
1	the movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
0	preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
1	violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
1	far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
1	yes , 4ever is harmless in the extreme and it'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to spirited away ?
1	resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project .
0	it irritates and saddens me that martin lawrence's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of bubba ho-tep's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
1	feels less like a change in [herzog's] personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
0	shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause tom green a grimace ; still , myer's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
0	with elements cribbed from lang's metropolis , welles' kane , and eisenstein's potemkin , the true wonder of rintar's metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
1	it's tough to be startled when you're almost dozing .
1	expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially seven , which director william malone slavishly copies .
1	remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? when the twist endings were actually surprising ? when the violence actually shocked ? when the heroes were actually under 40 ? sadly , as blood work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
0	a sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
1	there's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids' movie . . . that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where santa gives gifts to grownups .
1	the corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
1	taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . but as a movie , it's a humorless , disjointed mess .
0	a whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking christian-themed fun .
0	funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
0	a dreadful day in irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
1	a wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
0	about schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . if you're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
1	should have been someone else-
0	daring and beautifully made .
1	as original and insightful as last week's episode of behind the music .
0	succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
0	like the rugrats movies , the wild thornberrys movie doesn't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
1	the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
1	what might've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
1	even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown .
0	chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
0	if director michael dowse only superficially understands his characters , he doesn't hold them in contempt .
1	while some of the camera work is interesting , the film's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
0	( caine ) proves once again he hasn't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
1	a little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
1	the movie wavers between hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
0	a moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
0	pray has really done his subject justice .
1	simply doesn't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
1	if you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
0	a pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
0	touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society . . . might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
0	there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
1	rodriguez . . . was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
0	the film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
1	for the future , one hopes mr . plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
0	. . . once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
0	a clever blend of fact and fiction .
0	an enthralling , entertaining feature .
0	one of the finest , most humane and important holocaust movies ever made .
1	if you are curious to see the darker side of what's going on with young tv actors ( dawson leery did what ? ! ? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there's nothing very attractive about this movie .
0	just what makes us happy , anyway ?
1	something has been lost in the translation . . . another routine hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
0	saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion .
0	the next generation of mob movie . part low rent godfather . part three stooges .
0	the film jolts the laughs from the audience--as if by cattle prod .
1	slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .
1	pumpkin wants to have it both ways .
1	wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of hubert's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
1	the impact of the armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
0	the warnings to resist temptation in this film . . . are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean .
0	the film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the motown sound .
1	whenever you think you've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end . but , no , we get another scene , and then another . you begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
1	. . . the good and different idea [of middle-aged romance] is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend " never again . "
0	missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
0	jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
1	gaghan . . . has thrown every suspenseful clich in the book at this nonsensical story .
1	makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
0	all the actors are good in pauline & paulette but van der groen , described as 'belgium's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as pauline .
0	in an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
1	ah-nuld's action hero days might be over .
0	would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed 'the french lieutenant's woman . '
0	a cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
0	it's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
1	hawke's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , doesn't tell you anything except that the chelsea hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
0	i stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
0	a wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
0	not only is undercover brother as funny , if not more so , than both austin powers films , but it's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
1	piccoli's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm's-length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
0	payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle america and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
0	" cremaster 3 " should come with the warning " for serious film buffs only ! "
1	a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
0	you won't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these veggies .
1	such master screenwriting comes courtesy of john pogue , the yale grad who previously gave us " the skulls " and last year's " rollerball . " enough said , except : film overboard !
0	[the digital effects] reminded me of terry gilliam's rudimentary old monty python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .
0	grown-up quibbles are beside the point here . the little girls understand , and mccracken knows that's all that matters .
1	this is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured christmas season pics ever delivered by a hollywood studio .
0	this is one of the year's best films .
0	one funny popcorn flick .
1	the movie spends more time with schneider than with newcomer mcadams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
0	although frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
1	at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty . your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . not even felinni would know what to make of this italian freakshow .
1	the actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
1	it's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that hollywood isn't laughing with us , folks . it's laughing at us .
1	it bites hard .
0	anyone who's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . these people are really going to love the piano teacher .
0	huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack .
0	bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted- from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
1	as vulgar as it is banal .
0	an often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
0	the film's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
0	you're not merely watching history , you're engulfed by it .
0	sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
1	a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 .
1	what begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
1	why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from shirley jackson , richard matheson . . . and puke up something like rose red ?
0	blanchett's performance confirms her power once again .
1	like its title character , esther kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
1	needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion 'grandeur' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
0	what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
0	if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
0	from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
0	sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
1	the film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
1	the latest installment in the pokemon canon , pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where pokemon graze in peace .
0	i would be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that shouldn't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable .
1	the movie's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase 'fatal script error . '
0	twenty years after its first release , e . t . remains the most wondrous of all hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of steven spielberg's misunderstood career .
0	vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of mexico's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
1	the audience when i saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that's a bad sign when they're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
0	at a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form's history .
0	a lovely film . . . elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic . . . hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source's complexity .
1	most folks with a real stake in the american sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .
1	this thing is just garbage .
1	report card : doesn't live up to the exalted tagline - there's definite room for improvement . doesn't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
1	tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of animal house but instead comes closer to the failure of the third revenge of the nerds sequel .
0	a uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
0	diane lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in unfaithful .
1	exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids .
1	watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . as your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
0	simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , the last kiss is really all about performances .
0	a moving , if uneven , success .
1	a combination of standard , stiff tv-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move .
1	for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets [sci-fi] rehash .
0	the film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . and it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
1	it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
0	you won't like roger , but you will quickly recognize him . and that's a big part of why we go to the movies .
0	this story of a determined woman's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
1	a small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , tom dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of midnight run and 48 hours ( and , for that matter , shrek ) .
0	es una de esas pelculas de las que uno sale reconfortado , agradecido , genuinamente sorprendido .
0	it's a film that's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio's animated classics .
0	if you can swallow its absurdities and crudities lagaan really is enormously good fun .
0	a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
1	plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing the scorpion king .
0	makes s&m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
0	hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in burdette's dialogue .
1	if the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
0	crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
1	the film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
0	awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another 'spectacular spectacle . '
1	the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
0	best indie of the year , so far .
0	k-19 : the widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
1	gibney and jarecki just want to string the bastard up .
0	delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
1	john carlen's script is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
0	there's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to lau .
0	nettelbeck . . . has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
0	the production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
1	its appeal will probably limited to lds church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
0	collateral damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it weren't .
1	there is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that don't care about being stupid
0	while the humor is recognizably plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
1	wobbly senegalese updating of " carmen " which is best for the stunning star turn by djeinaba diop gai
1	it's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
1	anthony hopkins ? big deal ! we've already seen the prequel to the silence of the lambs and hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
1	although god is great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
0	spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
0	by taking entertainment tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy , auto focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
1	confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
0	a fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . certainly the big finish wasn't something galinsky and hawley could have planned for . . . but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
1	largely a for-fans artifact .
1	a fifty car pileup of cliches .
1	this is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
0	" what really happened ? " is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
1	true to its animatronic roots : . . . as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus . . . 'the country bears' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
1	. . . another example of how sandler is losing his touch .
0	though lan yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
0	high on melodrama . but it's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
0	as a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire . . . [sex and luca] makes for an arousing good time .
1	the movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .
1	some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
1	everything about girls can't swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
0	may not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
1	'carente de imaginacin , mal dirigida , peor actuada y sin un pice de romance , es una verdadera prdida de tiempo y dinero'
1	the cast has a high time , but de broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp .
0	though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
0	what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents' anguish .
1	this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer's coming-of-age .
1	blue crush is so prolonged and boring it isn't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
0	sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .
1	even with a green mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . and that leaves a hole in the center of the salton sea .
0	digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
1	this off-putting french romantic comedy is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of amlie .
1	this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper . it should have stayed there .
1	topkapi this is not .
0	godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
0	may be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill since town and country .
1	perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
0	watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
0	a sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
1	journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
0	troubling and powerful .
1	a beyond-lame satire , teddy bears' picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
0	[scherfig] has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters' lives after the clever credits roll .
1	much like robin williams , death to smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
0	you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
1	i never thought i'd say this , but i'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
0	melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
0	an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
1	even if it ultimately disappoints , the picture does have about a matinee admission's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
0	there are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
0	cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
0	often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the american 'hosts' and their 'guests . '
0	aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
0	part of the charm of satin rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
1	tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
0	maelstrom is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements .
0	an entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
0	solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
0	you won't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
1	for a shoot-'em-up , ballistic is oddly lifeless .
1	the premise of " abandon " holds promise , . . . but its delivery is a complete mess .
1	statham employs an accent that i think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass american but sometimes just lapses into unhidden british .
0	the film is faithful to what one presumes are the book's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
0	like the best of godard's movies . . . it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
0	thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
1	the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
1	murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
0	as lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that george lucas has long forgotten .
1	though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it's exploitive without being insightful .
0	one of [herzog's] least inspired works .
1	video games are more involving than this mess .
1	often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns what time is it there ? into how long is this movie ?
0	you walk out of the good girl with mixed emotions  disapproval of justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
1	less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice belgian waffle .
1	. . . would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie's edges .
0	thurman and lewis are hilarious throughout .
1	two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
1	what we get in feardotcom is more like something from a bad clive barker movie . in other words , it's badder than bad .
0	though mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a jules and jim for the new millennium .
0	a surprisingly funny movie .
1	the movie's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . killing time , that's all that's going on here .
1	mib ii is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything . that's because relatively nothing happens .
0	a soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes . . . almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of b-movie imagination .
0	old-form moviemaking at its best .
1	pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
0	this is an extraordinary film , not least because it is japanese and yet feels universal .
1	. . . too dull to enjoy .
0	playfully profound . . . and crazier than michael jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
1	has no reason to exist , other than to employ hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
1	'dragonfly' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
0	the kind of nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you .
1	it has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
1	one regards reign of fire with awe . what a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
0	the entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what's available is lovely and lovable .
1	watching trouble every day , at least if you don't know what's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
1	in exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if i'd been sitting naked on an igloo , formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
1	this ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
1	wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it isn't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
1	[lee] treats his audience the same way that jim brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . and lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
0	you will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
0	belongs to daniel day-lewis as much as it belongs to martin scorsese ; it's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
1	what should have been a cutting hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week's issue of variety .
0	for those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , sex and lucia may well prove diverting enough .
0	roman coppola may never become the filmmaker his dad was , but heck  few filmmakers will . but based on cq , i'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
1	it drowns in sap .
0	a worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant 'co-stars . '
1	it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .
0	leguizamo and jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
1	an uneven look into a grim future that doesn't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k . dick stories .
1	starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and bruce willis with a scar .
0	a funny film .
0	i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !
1	with flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout . . . by which time it's impossible to care who wins .
0	the filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
1	a showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor michel serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
1	a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .
0	allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duracin
0	what sets this romantic comedy apart from most hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
1	i doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time christmas really rolls around , but maybe it'll be on video by then .
0	if you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , wasabi is a good place to start .
1	shadyac shoots his film like an m . night shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
0	in the new release of cinema paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
0	what makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
1	a great ensemble cast can't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
0	gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
1	this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
1	ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
1	return to neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill disney sequel intended for the home video market .
0	if you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though . . . you will likely enjoy this monster .
0	works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
0	" 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
1	although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
0	as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
1	looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
0	an effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
0	this is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
1	its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
1	it's exactly what you'd expect .
1	snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
0	brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
1	to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
0	sits uneasily as a horror picture . . . but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
0	hu and liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
1	i'll go out on a limb . it isn't quite one of the worst movies of the year . it's just merely very bad .
0	there aren't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but " elling " manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year's most enjoyable releases .
1	it's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that's just too boring and obvious .
0	the primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . it's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
0	all three women deliver remarkable performances .
0	as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .
1	none of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
1	mark wahlberg . . . may look classy in a '60s-homage pokepie hat , but as a character he's dry , dry , dry .
0	more mature than fatal attraction , more complete than indecent proposal and more relevant than 9  weeks , unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
1	feels less like it's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
1	a dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
1	movie fans , get ready to take off . . . the other direction .
1	the film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but ram dass : fierce grace doesn't organize it with any particular insight .
1	a negligible british comedy .
0	smart , sassy interpretation of the oscar wilde play .
1	it's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
1	the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
0	it's a testament to de niro and director michael caton-jones that by movie's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
0	a model of what films like this should be like .
0	the hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
1	a vile , incoherent mess . . . a scummy ripoff of david cronenberg's brilliant 'videodrome . '
0	jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
0	if you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
0	this is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
1	obstacles are too easily overcome and there isn't much in the way of character development in the script .
0	deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
1	the nicest thing that can be said about stealing harvard ( which might have been called freddy gets molested by a dog ) is that it's not as obnoxious as tom green's freddie got fingered .
1	the makers of divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
0	my oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
1	sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and judaism back at least 50 .
1	trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
0	it's obviously struck a responsive chord with many south koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
0	this is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of iranian rural life close to the iraqi border .
0	a violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for angelique , the [opening] dance guarantees karmen's enthronement among the cinema's memorable women .
0	an overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
0	the film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of joan's madness .
1	too close to phantom menace for comfort .
1	the movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students .
0	[leigh] has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
0	. . . a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .
1	manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney . . . take your pick . all three descriptions suit evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
0	it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
1	liman , of swingers and go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
0	the screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a " dungeons and dragons " fantasy with modern military weaponry . . .
1	so-so entertainment .
0	a lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
1	. . . really horrible drek .
0	a very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the world trade center tragedy .
0	contradicts everything we've come to expect from movies nowadays . instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
0	no one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . and if you're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you've got ice water in your veins .
1	imagine a film that begins as a seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of the shining , the thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
0	a movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
1	that is essentially what's missing from blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point .
1	irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
1	what little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
1	laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
0	mr . tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and what time is it there ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
0	'estupendamente actuada , sumamente emotiva y profundamente humana , es una experiencia flmica imposible de olvidar'
0	a hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
1	aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there's little to be learned from watching 'comedian'
0	great over-the-top moviemaking if you're in a slap-happy mood .
1	you really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
0	a slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
0	this clever caper movie has twists worthy of david mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
1	represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller/horror genre .
0	without resorting to hyperbole , i can state that kissing jessica stein may be the best same-sex romance i have seen .
1	the film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
0	[haynes'] homage to such films as " all that heaven allows " and " imitation of life " transcends them . simply put , " far from heaven " is a masterpiece .
0	. . . there is enough originality in 'life' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
0	may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
0	vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .
0	secretary is not a movie about fetishism . it is a movie about passion .
0	nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
0	what begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
0	a film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
0	a sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
0	it's hard to imagine anybody ever being " in the mood " to view a movie as harrowing and painful as the grey zone , but it's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it's started .
0	a worthwhile way to spend two hours .
0	it will not appeal to the impatient , but those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth .
1	it winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , i think ) for something fresh to say .
0	a psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive's attention to detail .
1	with little visible talent and no energy , colin hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
1	the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge . before long , you're desperate for the evening to end .
1	long time dead ? not nearly long enough .
0	the pleasures of super troopers may be fleeting , but they'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
0	in the end , punch-drunk love is one of those films that i wanted to like much more than i actually did . sometimes , that's enough .
1	it's not only dull because we've seen [eddie] murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
0	. . . a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
0	perhaps the grossest movie ever made . funny , though .
0	stay clear of reminding yourself that it's a " true story " and you're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
1	the movie , directed by mick jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
0	" 13 conversations " holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
1	the overall effect is less like a children's movie than a recruitment film for future hollywood sellouts .
0	like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by allen's astringent wit .
1	yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-brits genre that was ushered in by the full monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
0	a flick about our infantilized culture that isn't entirely infantile .
0	throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
0	by applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
1	it's a bad sign when you're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
0	the movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star bruce willis .
1	its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
0	imagine a scenario where bergman approaches swedish fatalism using gary larson's far side humor
0	this is dicaprio's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
1	what you get with empire is a movie you've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
1	chao was chen kaige's assistant for years in china . he has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
0	the fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
0	the charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
0	" mostly martha " is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
0	sound the trumpets : for the first time since desperately seeking susan , madonna doesn't suck as an actress .
0	there is no denying the power of polanski's film . . .
0	there are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but brown sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy .
0	the heat of the moment prevails . it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
1	message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? alas , it's neither .
0	unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
0	you have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they're each interesting . the movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
0	what distinguishes time of favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
1	blade ii has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation .
0	as i settled into my world war ii memories , i found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
1	its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
0	lightweight but appealing .
0	beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of grenoble and geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
1	the movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that's shapeless and uninflected .
0	does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
1	a bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
1	utter mush . . . conceited pap .
0	[sports] admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
0	while centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the yiddish theater , both in america and israel .
1	the film seems a dead weight . the lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
1	[carvey's] characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
1	there's not enough to sustain the comedy .
0	as animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
1	it's the kind of movie you can't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you can't bring yourself to dislike it .
1	an inexperienced director , mehta has much to learn .
1	the movie is obviously a labour of love so howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .
0	it's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director's previous full frontal .
1	a movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist's waiting room , complete with soothing muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
0	the message of such reflections--intentional or not--is that while no art grows from a vacuum , many artists exist in one .
1	except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
0	hardly a film that comes along every day .
1	. . . familiar and predictable , and 4/5ths of it might as well have come from a xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) franc . reyes' word processor .
1	in its own way , joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a luis buuel film without the latter's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
1	make no mistake , ivans xtc . is a mess .
0	what makes barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
0	an intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
0	mike white's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make " " the good girl " a film worth watching .
1	the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
1	it doesn't quite work , but there's enough here to make us look forward to the russos' next offering .
1	if this is the resurrection of the halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
0	a biopic about crane's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
1	there's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
0	renner's performance as dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
1	. . . a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
0	one of the best films i have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
0	an involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .
1	there's something with potential here , but the movie decides , like lavinia , to go the conservative route .
0	[lawrence bounces] all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
1	always destined to be measured against anthony asquith's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
0	haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
1	the sweetest thing leaves an awful sour taste .
0	a movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
0	well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
0	a simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
1	a so-so , made-for-tv something posing as a real movie .
1	if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . an exit sign , that is .
0	this isn't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
1	the project's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger fatal attraction into a high school setting .
1	simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
0	saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
1	spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
1	the documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
1	'the chteau is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
0	run , don't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
0	meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
1	turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film's characters
1	director chris eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .
0	intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
1	why would anyone cast the magnificent jackie chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
1	given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there isn't much .
1	the whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it's trying to set the women's liberation movement back 20 years .
1	this movie is maddening . it conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
0	dong shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
1	constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
1	it all comes down to whether you can tolerate leon barlow . i can't .
0	the film's snags and stumblings are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
1	a thriller without a lot of thrills .
0	displaying about equal amounts of naivet , passion and talent , beneath clouds establishes sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
0	enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
0	you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
0	the crime matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us .
1	the innocence of holiday cheer ain't what it used to be .
1	you leave feeling like you've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
0	. . . a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy . . .
0	offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
0	it's good to see michael caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
0	an epic of grandeur and scale that's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of hollywood .
0	it's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
1	denis o'neill's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship , but it neglects few others .
0	much monkeyfun for all .
1	the santa clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but i've got to give it thumbs down .
0	as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos' memories and insights .
0	one can't deny its seriousness and quality .
0	smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
0	noyce's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
0	even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
0	the movie is full of fine performances , led by josef bierbichler as brecht and monica bleibtreu as helene weigel , his wife .
0	when compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , davis' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
0	exudes the fizz of a busby berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
1	the only thing to fear about " fear dot com " is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
0	after watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
1	so devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it cannot even be dubbed hedonistic .
1	no telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
1	it's young guns meets goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs . -greaseballs mob action-comedy .
0	just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
1	william shatner , as a pompous professor , is the sole bright spot . . .
0	a thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
0	'interesante y disfrutable trabajo gracias a que prescinde del clsico elemento estadounidense patriotero y manipulador . '
0	a bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
1	it's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
1	to paraphrase a line from another dickens' novel , nicholas nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
0	a sports movie with action that's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
0	while surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
0	tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
1	definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
1	so faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
0	as giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
0	the artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
1	it's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x . . . look positively shakesperean by comparison .
1	i spied with my little eye . . . a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
0	though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way k-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
1	seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .
1	ensemble movies , like soap operas , depend on empathy . if there ain't none , you have a problem .
0	maybe it's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades . . . but honestly , analyze that really isn't all that bad .
1	unless bob crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film's impressive performances and adept direction aren't likely to leave a lasting impression .
1	if deuces wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that's so bad it starts to become good . but it wasn't .
0	it grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
1	guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . she lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
0	a journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it's potentially just as rewarding .
1	there's no denying the elaborateness of the artist's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
0	tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
1	too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , david arquette .
1	i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid .
0	ratliff's two previous titles , plutonium circus and purgatory county show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
1	while the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what's supposed to be a comedy .
0	morton uses her face and her body language to bring us morvern's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
0	director claude chabrol has become the master of innuendo . it is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
1	. . . del toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
0	it's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns de palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
1	this charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make jay and silent bob's excellent adventure seem understated .
1	tambor and clayburgh make an appealing couple  he's understated and sardonic , she's appealingly manic and energetic . both deserve better .
0	it's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
1	weiss and speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
1	the holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
0	a family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
0	look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
1	falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie's reality and stifling its creator's comic voice .
0	. . . the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
0	more than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
1	there is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt seagal's character . . . performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we're not watching a double .
1	well-made but mush-hearted .
1	a respectable but uninspired thriller that's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .
0	. . . a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job . . .
1	eckstraordinarily lame and severely boring .
1	a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
1	the latest adam sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
0	with an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , everett remains a perfect wildean actor , and a relaxed firth displays impeccable comic skill .
0	insightfully written , delicately performed
0	a joyous occasion
1	while howard's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
0	makes even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
1	the screenplay , co-written by director imogen kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
0	this is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it's hard to know what to praise first .
0	unfortunately , it appears that [jackie] chan's us influence is starting to show in his hong kong films .
1	it's not hateful . it's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
0	the limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
0	your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
1	shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
1	there's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of queen of the damned , as its origins in an anne rice novel dictate , but generally , it's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .
0	the vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
1	it's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
1	. . . unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
1	the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
0	the fascination comes in the power of the huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
1	forget the misleading title , what's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
1	a 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
1	this angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in ordinary people .
0	visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
1	a visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
1	after you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
1	'cq may one day be fondly remembered as roman coppola's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
1	billy crystal and robert de niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
0	macdowell , whose wifty southern charm has anchored lighter affairs . . . brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
0	arliss howard's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , big bad love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
1	sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they'd need a shower .
0	other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
1	like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone . you leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
1	a sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
0	worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
0	a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
1	like those to rome , all roads in the banger sisters inevitably lead to a joke about hawn's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
0	heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
0	the film is . . . determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
0	gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet's mouth .
0	. . . while dark water isn't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
1	a trite psychological thriller designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home .
1	little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
0	an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
1	stars matthew perry and elizabeth hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately serving sara doesn't distinguish itself from the herd .
0	me without you has a bracing truth that's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood .
0	the all-french cast is marveilleux .
1	plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of tv's dawson's creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of love story .
1	starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichs .
1	how inept is serving sara ? it makes even elizabeth hurley seem graceless and ugly .
0	it rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
1	it wouldn't matter so much that this arrogant richard pryor wannabe's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
1	instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
1	the spalding gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy .
1	it's better than mid-range steven seagal , but not as sharp as jet li on rollerblades .
1	presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
0	the son's room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
0	though it's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
1	despite its sincere acting , signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
1	this follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric peter .
1	an incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people . . . manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
1	starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
1	if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice's novel the vampire chronicles .
0	a gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
1	merchant hasn't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage .
0	the film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today's cinema du sarcasm
1	this kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . but director danny devito and screenwriter adam resnick ( remember cabin boy ? ) just pound away .
1	too bad maggio couldn't come up with a better script .
0	even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
1	like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
1	kwan makes the mix-and- match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
0	the film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
1	this is an action movie with an action icon who's been all but decommissioned .
1	dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it doesn't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
1	from its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
0	frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances . . . keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
0	it's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . if only it had the story to match .
0	brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women's depression .
1	horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it isn't incomprehensible .
1	bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .
1	the film's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed crudup out of pre-9/11 new york and onto a cross-country road trip of the homeric kind .
1	michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
1	never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
1	a horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
1	these people wouldn't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
1	a mild , reluctant , thumbs down .
1	in moonlight mile , no one gets shut out of the hug cycle .
1	director dirk shafer and co-writer greg hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
0	in a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the discovery channel . but in imax 3-d , the clichs disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
0	rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
0	interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
0	like the english patient and the unbearable lightness of being , the hours is one of those reputedly " unfilmable " novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
0	like most bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . a heavy reliance on cgi technology is beginning to creep into the series .
0	e . t . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old robert macnaughton , 6-year-old drew barrymore and 10-year-old henry thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
0	jir hubac's script is a gem . his characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . the scope of the silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
1	bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who aren't looking for them .
1	a well-acted movie that simply doesn't gel .
0	this is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
1	beers , who , when she's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall . . . [but] the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
1	this director's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
1	formula 51 is so trite that even yu's high-energy action stylings can't break through the stupor .
1	the plot is very clever , but boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
1	everything was as superficial as the forced new jersey lowbrow accent uma had .
1	the santa clause 2's plot may sound like it was co-written by mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
1	a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
1	so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something .
0	the story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing sayles dialogue .
0	impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
0	an intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you're getting its metaphysical point .
1	manages to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious .
0	if you love reading and/or poetry , then by all means check it out . you'll probably love it .
0	pull[s] off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .
0	with we were soldiers , hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the vietnam war before the pathology set in .
1	every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . frank mcklusky c . i . is that movie !
1	the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
1	[plays] in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
0	a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
1	the town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
1	credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
0	de oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by michel piccoli .
0	[drumline] is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it doesn't do .
1	it's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
1	the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
1	a 'girls gone wild' video for the boho art-house crowd , the burning sensation isn't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers aren't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
0	ns gosta muito de as duas torres .
1	entertainment more disposable than hanna-barbera's half-hour cartoons ever were .
0	one feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early italian neorealism .
1	the unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
0	zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
1	with this new rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
1	a very average science fiction film .
0	like any good romance , son of the bride , proves it's never too late to learn .
0	a flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .
1	mckay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
1	the element of surprise might be the only thing femme fatale has going for it .
1	the satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
1	you come away thinking not only that kate isn't very bright , but that she hasn't been worth caring about and that maybe she , janine and molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
0	a damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
1	thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . now it's just tired .
1	even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
1	see clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . but be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . or that the battery on your watch has died .
0	by the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
1	a reasonably efficient mechanism , but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory they should have avoided .
1	schneider's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story's continuity and progression .
0	the lion king was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on imax it seems better , not just bigger .
0	a whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
1	lacking substance and soul , crossroads comes up shorter than britney's cutoffs .
1	cold and scattered , minority report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . that's not vintage spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
1	what's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
0	. . . a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
1	once again , director chris columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
0	a miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
0	on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , the powerpuff girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
0	it's clear that mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .
0	pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
1	[evans is] a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
0	ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
0	while dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors dean deblois and chris sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
1	plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on " the simpsons " has .
0	to the film's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
1	the thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .
1	the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
1	in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
1	draggin' about dragons
1	the thrill is ( long ) gone .
1	it made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
0	a coming-of-age tale from new zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
1	a movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'empowerment . '
0	an intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
1	divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
1	an uplifting drama . . . what antwone fisher isn't , however , is original .
0	a film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in san diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times i saw the film .
1	strictly a 'guy's film' in the worst sense of the expression .
1	i found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as vincent became more and more abhorrent .
1	it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
1	all i can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
0	the people in dogtown and z-boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you can't wait to see what they do next .
0	a well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
1	home alone goes hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even steven spielberg would know how to do . besides , real movie producers aren't this nice .
0	until ( the ) superfluous . . . epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , die another day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any james bond thriller .
0	using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
0	though a touch too arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
0	graphic sex may be what's attracting audiences to unfaithful , but gripping performances by lane and gere are what will keep them awake .
0	shanghai ghetto may not be as dramatic as roman polanski's the pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
0	an effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from japanese director hideo nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
0	an energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it isn't .
1	bears is bad . not 'terrible filmmaking' bad , but more like , 'i once had a nightmare like this , and it's now coming true' bad .
0	while most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
0	some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the ball and chain .
0	the film is delicately narrated by martin landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by dana janklowicz-mann .
1	a straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
1	this will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
1	it's so badly made on every level that i'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
1	every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
1	about one in three gags in white's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
0	leave it to john sayles to take on developers , the chamber of commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie . . . without neglecting character development for even one minute .
0	theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
0	divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
0	what's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director's talent . watching a brian depalma movie is like watching an alfred hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
1	nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid americans will get a kick out of goofy brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
1	. . . unbearably lame .
1	i can imagine this movie as a b&w british comedy , circa 1960 , with peter sellers , kenneth williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
1	low rent from frame one .
0	as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
0	does what a fine documentary does best : it extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
1	another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
1	however clever nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
0	a beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
0	the auteur's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
0	peter jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
0	absorbing character study by andr turpin .
0	complex , affecting and uniquely almodvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
0	an honest , sensitive story from a vietnamese point of view .
1	nonsensical , dull " cyber-horror " flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
1	the action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if kaos hadn't blown them all up .
1	a loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism 'urban drama . '
0	american and european cinema has amassed a vast holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than the grey zone .
1	unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . i found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
1	the laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
0	remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster . . . done up by howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
1	bad . very bad . stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
1	i didn't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
0	like its two predecessors , 1983's koyaanisqatsi and 1988's powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
1	as the latest bid in the tv-to-movie franchise game , i spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
0	" the mothman prophecies " is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
1	what's next ? rob schneider , dana carvey and sarah michelle gellar in the philadelphia story ? david spade as citizen kane ?
0	'what's the russian word for wow ! ? '
0	antwone fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
1	call me a cynic , but there's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
0	best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . those seeking a definitive account of eisenstein's life would do better elsewhere .
1	wes craven's presence is felt ; not the craven of 'a nightmare on elm street' or 'the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of 'deadly friend . '
0	it's definitely a step in the right direction .
0	a good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . a case in point : doug pray's scratch .
0	" punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . .
0	believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . but arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
0	a winning and wildly fascinating work .
0	this is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
1	the movie is like scorsese's mean streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old 'juvenile delinquent' paperbacks with titles like leather warriors and switchblade sexpot .
1	possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
0	a three-hour cinema master class .
0	fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way . . . that feels very human and very true to life .
1	throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old world war ii movie for overly familiar material .
1	it believes it's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
1	j . lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : she's a pretty woman , but she's no working girl .
0	more sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are . . . an amusing little catch .
0	the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
1	. . . about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
1	'unfaithful' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . too bad .
1	stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
0	based on a devilishly witty script by heather mcgowan and niels mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
1	some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .
0	jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
0	it finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
1	an awkward and indigestible movie .
1	not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
1	there's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
1	while benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
0	nothing's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away--still , the derivative nine queens is lots of fun .
0	an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
0	the best thing i can say about this film is that i can't wait to see what the director does next .
0	likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
1	the result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a halloween that died .
1	the movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the " webcast . "
0	serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that the road to perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
0	an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
0	maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
1	the story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
1	believability wasn't one of the film's virtues .
0	it's a terrific american sports movie and dennis quaid is its athletic heart .
0	a sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
1	guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . some of the characters die and others don't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
1	the script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
0	despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
0	the disarming cornball atmosphere has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
1	no , it's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
0	there's . . . tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
0	a buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we're all in this together .
1	this is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
0	the evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
1	i was sent a copyof this film to review on dvd . for free . i still want my money back .
1	even on its own ludicrous terms , the sum of all fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the ryan series .
1	. . . this isn't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
0	unlike lots of hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
1	holds limited appeal to those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp .
0	witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
1	downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
0	the trick when watching godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
0	from the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
0	a bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of philip glass .
0	a very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
0	suffice to say that after seeing this movie in imax form , you'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of tom hanks' face than his wife is .
1	a real snooze .
0	whenever you think you've figured out late marriage , it throws you for a loop .
1	to me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
0	clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable . . .
0	its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces . . . are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half . still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
1	too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
1	so muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker's characteristic style .
0	all in all , a great party .
0	despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
1	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
1	a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .
1	ja rule and kurupt should have gotten to rap . it would have benefitted the dialogue .
1	feels like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the lifetime cable television network .
1	in comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class london life ; despite the title . . . amounts to surprisingly little .
0	stevens' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
1	care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of fuhrman's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
1	mushes the college-friends genre ( the big chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .
0	a fast paced and suspenseful argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
0	the pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of steven spielberg's schindler's list . but mr . polanski creates images even more haunting than those in mr . spielberg's 1993 classic .
1	feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
1	a fascinating but choppy documentary .
1	needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
1	so verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-tv movie .
0	unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such 'have-yourself-a-happy-little-holocaust' movies as life is beautiful and jakob the liar , the grey zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in auschwitz .
0	highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .
1	the characters are never more than sketches . . . which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
1	a movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you can't wait to see end .
1	a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .
1	flat , but with a revelatory performance by michelle williams .
1	too daft by half . . . but supremely good natured .
0	a winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
1	as earnest as a community-college advertisement , american chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
0	although mainstream american movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
0	old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
0	though jackson doesn't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
1	while this film has an 'a' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
1	the low-budget full frontal was one of the year's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and solaris is its big-budget brother .
1	does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?
0	waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
1	bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
1	shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
0	scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . yes , soar .
0	it's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just can't take it any more .
1	this movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in retard 101 .
0	funny and touching .
0	this is a superior horror flick .
1	a well-acted , but one-note film .
0	read my lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
0	this one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . in fact , it's quite fun in places .
1	shafer's feature doesn't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
1	the period -- swinging london in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in gangster no . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
0	the film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
0	may be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
1	fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
1	a technically well-made suspenser . . . but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
1	director tom shadyac and star kevin costner glumly mishandle the story's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
1	occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
0	as a film director , labute continues to improve .
0	jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
1	the first mistake , i suspect , is casting shatner as a legendary professor and kunis as a brilliant college student--where's pauly shore as the rocket scientist ?
0	it was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
1	the reason i found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
1	it's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
1	pascale bailly's rom-com provides amlie's audrey tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest .
0	this is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that's as entertaining as it is instructive .
0	a psychic journey deep into the very fabric of iranian . . . life .
0	not since tom cruise in risky business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
1	an admitted egomaniac , evans is no hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he'd gone the way of don simpson .
0	the unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing kaufman has carved from orleans' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
1	yes , spirited away is a triumph of imagination , but it's also a failure of storytelling .
1	bluto blutarsky , we miss you .
0	it has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
1	first , for a movie that tries to be smart , it's kinda dumb . and second , what's with all the shooting ?
0	we learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
1	abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . the only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
1	trapped presents a frightening and compelling 'what if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause . . . . then , something terrible happens .
0	together , miller , kuras and the actresses make personal velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
1	the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut .
1	starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other hollywood-action cliches .
0	the picture's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
0	overall , it's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .
0	on its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist byatt .
0	it's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
0	this rich , bittersweet israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man pasach'ke burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
0	. . . takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
0	the film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
0	provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already .
0	it's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts blue crush into one of the summer's most pleasurable movies .
1	as inept as big-screen remakes of the avengers and the wild wild west .
0	the film exudes the urbane sweetness that woody allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
0	one hour photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it's just too bad it doesn't have more flashes of insight .
0	mike leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
1	what with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
1	undercover brother doesn't go far enough . it's just a silly black genre spoof .
1	wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .
1	[a] stuporously solemn film .
0	has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a " 2 " at the end of its title .
1	it would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
1	for all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
1	it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .
1	there's no question that epps scores once or twice , but it's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .
1	director jay russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
1	will undoubtedly play well in european markets , where mr . besson is a brand name , and in asia , where ms . shu is an institution , but american audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
1	takes one character we don't like and another we don't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and isn't very funny .
1	talky , artificial and opaque . . . an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
1	it gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
0	a hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
1	though perry and hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by jay scherick and david ronn , neither the actors nor director reginald hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
0	a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
0	like leon , it's frustrating and still oddly likable .
0	no , it's not as single-minded as john carpenter's original , but it's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
1	the film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
1	suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .
0	max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve . . . as far as art is concerned , it's mission accomplished .
0	'it's better to go in knowing full well what's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . cynics need not apply . '
1	gee , a second assassin shot kennedy ? moot point .
1	lillard and cardellini earn their scooby snacks , but not anyone else .
0	it is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
1	what goes on for the 110 minutes of " panic room " is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
1	it's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where human nature should be ingratiating , it's just grating .
0	[gulpilil] is a commanding screen presence , and his character's abundant humanism makes him the film's moral compass .
1	a muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . it makes me say the obvious : abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
1	the movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches isn't exactly endearing .
1	it's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
0	some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
0	for a good chunk of its running time , trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
1	not at all clear what it's trying to say and even if it were  i doubt it would be all that interesting .
0	high crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .
1	die another day is only intermittently entertaining but it's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with .
1	national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
1	[director] byler may yet have a great movie in him , but charlotte sometimes is only half of one .
1	the characters are interesting and the relationship between yosuke and saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there's not enough to the story to fill two hours .
0	terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
0	the chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
0	consistently clever and suspenseful .
0	the early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . it's sort of in-between , and it works .
0	a pleasant , if forgettable , romp of a film .
0	the chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between gauls and yanks .
1	marries the amateurishness of the blair witch project with the illogic of series 7 : the contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
0	provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all .
0	made-up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on america's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .
0	an ebullient tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
1	for dance completists only .
1	whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
0	the film occasionally tries the viewer's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
0	niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
0	much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of don king , sonny miller , and michael stewart . their work is fantastic .
0	what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
0	the story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . the performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie .
1	a tv style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) .
0	time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
1	the film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
0	it's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
0	this sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
0	the film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
1	kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
1	despite its raucous intent , xxx is as conventional as a nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
0	there is truth here
1	just plain silly .
0	the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
0	the asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of jia with his family .
1	not once does it come close to being exciting .
1	truth to tell , if you've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there's nothing here you haven't seen before .
0	the best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
0	it's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
1	[a] soulless , stupid sequel . . .
0	" the emperor's new clothes " begins with a simple plan . . . . well , at least that's the plan .
1	one of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .
1	once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
0	puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
1	as spent screen series go , star trek : nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there's nothing to drink .
1	. . . a preachy parable stylized with a touch of john woo bullet ballet .
1	if this is an example of the type of project that robert redford's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it's time to rethink independent films .
0	recalls quiet freak-outs like l'avventura and repulsion .
0	yes , mibii is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
1	despite the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot , moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair . . .
1	donovan . . . squanders his main asset , jackie chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
0	a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
0	cold , nervy and memorable .
1	it's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
0	a compelling pre-wwii drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
0	more a load of enjoyable , conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the mummy pictures represent .
0	this flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
0	talk to her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it's still quite worth seeing .
1	with lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- max is static , stilted .
1	as is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions , the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
0	a worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
0	this is not a retread of " dead poets' society . "
0	an endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
1	villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .
1	an ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
0	just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
0	where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
1	this is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
1	dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
1	director uwe boll and writer robert dean klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , cannot overcome blah characters .
1	this isn't just the cliffsnotes version of nicholas nickleby , it's the cliffsnotes with pages missing .
1	stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
1	wins my vote for 'the 2002 enemy of cinema' award .
0	it strikes hardest when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain . fifty years after the fact , the world's political situation seems little different , and [director phillip] noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
0	but even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between jolie and burns . . . this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to screenwriting for dummies conformity .
0	whereas oliver stone's conspiracy thriller jfk was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , interview with the assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
0	i liked this film a lot . . .
0	cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . not as good as the original , but what is . . .
0	this is one of mr . chabrol's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
0	i have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but i've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than i want to believe .
1	a tired , unnecessary retread . . . a stale copy of a picture that wasn't all that great to begin with .
1	juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
1	no one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through the master of disguise .
1	" juwanna mann ? " no thanks . wewannour money back , actually .
1	viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
0	audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
0	an entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
0	a rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children's entertainment , superhero comics , and japanese animation .
1	children of the century , though well dressed and well made , ultimately falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
0	you don't need to know your ice-t's from your cool-j's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of california .
0	nicole holofcener's lovely and amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
0	as unseemly as its title suggests .
0	hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
1	mattei so completely loses himself to the film's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , love in the time of money .
0	uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
1	. . . unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
0	it's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
1	directors harry gantz and joe gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves aren't all that interesting .
1	whaley's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
1	for each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike tara reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
1	there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
1	the rules of attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
1	my reaction in a word : disappointment . his last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
1	there must be an audience that enjoys the friday series , but i wouldn't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
1	enduring love but exhausting cinema .
0	even if you don't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
1	this is the first full scale wwii flick from hong kong's john woo . he's not good with people .
1	it takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
1	a sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like the ghost and mr . chicken .
1	[t]he film is never sure to make a clear point  even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
0	one of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
1	they should have called it gutterball .
0	this ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
1	this low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the farrelly brothers' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
0	critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-tv rendition of the notorious mtv show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .
0	crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
1	try as i may , i can't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , 'thank you ! ' when leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
0	unflinchingly bleak and desperate
1	this toothless dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
0	seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
1	if you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still wouldn't add up to the time required to boil a four- minute egg .
1	almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . and in a sense , that's a liability .
0	a compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
0	marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
1	for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
1	despite a powerful portrayal by binoche , it's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
1	the backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
0	at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , " i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . " congrats disney on a job well done , i enjoyed it just as much !
0	it's a very valuable film . . .
1	this is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , 'ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
1	if melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
0	an elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naivet and sophistication .
0	fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
1	a whimsical if predictable time-travel fable marred by a willful single-mindedness .
0	in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
0	if the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
0	though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
1	the only surprise is that heavyweights joel silver and robert zemeckis agreed to produce this ; i assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies' underwear .
1	it does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they're being streamed over a 28k modem .
0	an unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
1	naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
0	the movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate/surf culture , the l . a . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
0	a compelling motion picture that illustrates an american tragedy .
0	although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
1	somewhere inside the mess that is world traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
1	has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
0	nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations . . .
0	henry bean's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
0	confessions isn't always coherent , but it's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
1	feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .
0	i am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray richard dawson .
0	a movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it's approached with imagination and flair .
1	it's been 20 years since 48 hrs . made eddie murphy a movie star and the man hasn't aged a day . but his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
1	a misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
1	the band performances featured in drumline are red hot . . . [but] from a mere story point of view , the film's ice cold .
0	forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of friday-night excitement and milla power .
0	qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
0	peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the dogtown experience .
1	the plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience's chain .
0	. . . one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages . . .
0	a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
1	though tom shadyac's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
0	it's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it's also pretty funny .
1	the words , 'frankly , my dear , i don't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
1	so boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
1	the film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
0	it's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
1	while hoffman's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .
1	denzel washington's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
1	your appreciation of it will depend on what experiences you bring to it and what associations you choose to make .
1	apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just doesn't figure in the present hollywood program .
0	it seems grant doesn't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all .
1	what the four feathers lacks is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
1	oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
0	harsh , effective documentary on life in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories .
1	a rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
0	novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
1	even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity didn't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by avary's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
0	rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling hollywood style--casting excellent latin actors of all ages--a trend long overdue .
1	a gorgeous , somnolent show that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly unsurprising .
1	i've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way adam sandler's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates frank capra's classic . . .
0	it's the filmmakers' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time b movies good-bad that makes eight legged freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
0	manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
0	made me unintentionally famous  as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby . but believe it or not , it's one of the most beautiful , evocative works i've seen .
0	leigh's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
1	may reawaken discussion of the kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
1	an afterschool special without the courage of its convictions .
0	yakusho and shimizu . . . create engaging characterizations in imamura's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
1	un thriller manqu qui tombe sur les nerfs presque ds la premire image .
1	a workshop mentality prevails .
0	intriguing and stylish .
1	the reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
0	like mike isn't going to make box office money that makes michael jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young bow wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
0	rare birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
1	parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
1	everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
0	it is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
1	it's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on oprah .
0	peppering this urban study with references to norwegian folktales , villeneuve creates in maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
0	the second chapter of the harry potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
1	watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
0	formuliac , but fun .
1	robin williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .
1	reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .
0	it's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america .
1	i'm afraid you won't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
0	i know that i'll never listen to marvin gaye or the supremes the same way again
0	an overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful french coming-of-age film . . .
0	a superbly acted and funny/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
1	like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
0	. . . wise and elegiac . . .
1	if religious films aren't your bailiwick , stay away . otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
1	there's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .
0	while its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer's appetite , the film's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
1	the techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are chan and hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we can't recommend anything but a rental for the tuxedo .
0	davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
0	a moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
1	the filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
0	this is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
0	this new zealand coming-of-age movie isn't really about anything . when it's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
1	terminally brain dead production .
1	so what is the point ? lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
1	drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the- past numbness .
0	[cho's face is] an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
1	you might be shocked to discover that seinfeld's real life is boring .
0	the performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
1	flat , misguided comedy .
1	this film , starring anthony hopkins and chris rock , is your typical 'fish out of water' story . you've seen them a million times . just one problem : fish out of water usually die . this one does .
0	worth a look as a curiosity .
0	piercingly affecting . . . while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
1	often silly  and gross  but it's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
1	but the power of these [subjects] is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film's narrative .
1	muddled , trashy and incompetent
0	ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of chinese 'cultural revolution . '
1	[less a movie than] an appalling , odoriferous thing . . . so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you'll want to crawl up your own * * * in embarrassment .
1	when 'science fiction' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience hasn't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
0	. . . mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
1	an empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .
1	all prints of this film should be sent to and buried on pluto .
1	suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it's been packaged and sold back to us by hollywood .
0	it's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
1	an uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
0	i've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and i recommend it for its originality alone .
1	did the film inform and educate me ? yes . did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 armenia ? no . and that is where ararat went astray .
1	every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . half past dead is just such an achievement .
0	you'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you'll laugh .
0	'aunque recurre a ciertos clichs del gnero , la poderosa actuacin de robin williams perdona las fallas del guin . '
1	nothing here seems as funny as it did in analyze this , not even joe viterelli as de niro's right-hand goombah .
1	it was a dark and stormy night . . .
0	the film's strength isn't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
1	a frustrating 'tweener' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
1	that frenetic spectacle [on the tv show] has usually been leavened by a charm that's conspicuously missing from the girls' big-screen blowout .
0	williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you don't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
1	gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
0	it's about as convincing as any other arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
0	remember the kind of movie we were hoping " ecks vs . sever " or " xxx " was going to be ? this is it .
1	frankly , it's kind of insulting , both to men and women . and it's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
1	sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
0	a haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
0	hailed as a clever exercise in neo-hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately chabrolian .
0	the new insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
0	while this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
0	the french are rather good at this kind of thing , unlike the americans , who have a passion for musketeers , only to spoof them .
0	one of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
0	while the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it's awfully entertaining to watch .
0	its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
1	green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
1	one of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
1	it's as sorry a mess as its director's diabolical debut , mad cows .
1	being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
1	equal parts bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
0	there's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . and yet , it still works .
0	nair's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while thurman and lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
0	the director , mark pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
1	[serry] wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . it's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
0	insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more .
0	it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns .
0	arguably the best script that besson has written in years .
1	well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
1	been there , done that . . . a thousand times already , and better .
0	reggio's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
1	told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
1	it's the funniest american comedy since graffiti bridge .
0	bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
1	roger michell , who did an appealing job directing persuasion and notting hill in england , gets too artsy in his american debut .
1	it's like an all-star salute to disney's cheesy commercialism .
0	contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memria .
1	ends up offering nothing more than the latest schwarzenegger or stallone flick would .
1	crikey indeed .
1	it's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
1	as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
1	this slow-moving swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .
0	disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids' books to the screen . . . tuck everlasting is a little of both .
0	an amused indictment of jaglom's own profession .
1	ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head , but he knows how to pose madonna .
0	a provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
0	a bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
1	in gleefully , thumpingly hyperbolic terms , it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
1	let's hope -- shall we ? -- that the 'true story' by which all the queen's men is allegedly " inspired " was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what's been cobbled together onscreen .
1	i wish windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . this would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
1	certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .
1	the transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
0	a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
0	secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
1	director tom dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut shanghai noon , but showtime's uninspired send-up of tv cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
0	the film's greatest asset is how much it's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
0	those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
1	a few hours after you've seen it , you forget you've been to the movies .
1	a film that loses sight of its own story .
0	clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
0	there's very little sense to what's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .
0	a beautiful , entertaining two hours . you get the idea , though , that kapur intended the film to be more than that .
0	i've never bought from telemarketers , but i bought this movie .
0	though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
0	. . . in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown saturday matinee brain candy , it doesn't disappoint .
0	a pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
0	a depressing confirmation of everything those of us who don't object to the description " unelected " have suspected all along : george w . bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
0	an entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
1	as a kind of colorful , dramatized pbs program , frida gets the job done . but , for that , why not watch a documentary ?
1	friday after next is the kind of film that could only be made by african-americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards african-americans .
1	. . . delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
0	[villeneuve] seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
1	smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong . . . it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .
0	the powder blues and sun-splashed whites of tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
0	this isn't a stand up and cheer flick ; it's a sit down and ponder affair . and thanks to kline's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
0	as literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children's entertainment . you'll forget about it by monday , though , and if they're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
0	challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . but it's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
0	while bollywood/hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who aren't .
1	the whole thing's fairly lame , making it par for the course for disney sequels .
0	an ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
0	despite a quieter middle section , involving aragorn's dreams of arwen , this is even better than the fellowship . there are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
0	unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
1	the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
1	plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
0	as a director , mr . ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
0	the film provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
1	velocity represents everything wrong with ''independent film'' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
1	the film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive . . .
0	the movie isn't always easy to look at . but if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
1	instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
1	possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . it falls far short of poetry , but it's not bad prose .
0	the bard as black comedy -- willie would have loved it .
0	fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
1	the big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
1	most of the supporting characters in eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . this one's weaker than most .
0	[a] devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid holocaust drama .
0	the film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
0	if no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
0	the real triumphs in igby come from philippe , who makes oliver far more interesting than the character's lines would suggest , and sarandon , who couldn't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable wasp matron .
0	if mr . zhang's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially american , his approach to storytelling might be called iranian .
0	a poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
0	there is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
0	it's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
0	with tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , miller's film is one of 2002's involvingly adult surprises .
0	. . . rogers's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
0	an energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
1	dramatically lackluster .
1	mildly amusing .
1	a fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
0	[kline's] utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who can't quite live up to it .
1	by the final whistle you're convinced that this mean machine was a decent tv outing that just doesn't have big screen magic .
1	they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
0	the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
0	a simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
1	el crimen del padre amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-catholic protestors .
1	a fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .
1	troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .
0	just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
0	a lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
1	narc is all menace and atmosphere .
1	essentially " fatal attraction " remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 . . . . this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along . . .
0	it could change america , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
0	a romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
0	baby-faced renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
0	a compelling french psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
1	even legends like alfred hitchcock and john huston occasionally directed trifles . . . so it's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like zhang yimou behind the camera for a yarn that's ultimately rather inconsequential .
0	skins has a desolate air , but eyre , a native american raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
1	a frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
0	ourside the theatre roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he's well worth spending some time with .
1	what can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?
1	with a tone as variable as the cinematography , schaeffer's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
0	as antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
0	cho's timing is priceless .
1	the rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer cgi effects .
1	. . . the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . there's already been too many of these films . . .
1	jonah is only so-so . . . the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it .
1	what an embarrassment .
0	hip-hop has a history , and it's a metaphor for this love story .
1	maid in manhattan proves that it's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
0	george lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
1	while van wilder may not be the worst national lampoon film , it's far from being this generation's animal house .
0	the film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by christopher plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil uncle ralph i've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
1	there are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . where's the movie here ?
0	once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . chances are you won't , either .
1	it's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it doesn't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
0	a deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
1	jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .
1	an ugly , revolting movie .
0	its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director's previous popcorn work .
1	schindler's list it ain't .
1	the filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they won't much care about .
1	well-nigh unendurable . . . though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
0	though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , ozpetek falls short in showing us antonia's true emotions . . . but at the very least , his secret life will leave you thinking .
0	lan yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . it is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
0	nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
1	a few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot hasn't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun .
0	a pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
0	it is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
0	represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging indian american cinema .
1	laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
0	audrey tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate french comedy , she's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in amlie .
1	[allen's] best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-america diversions could ever be .
0	majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
0	finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
1	any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
1	the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
0	you needn't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of haynes' work . though haynes' style apes films from the period . . . its message is not rooted in that decade .
0	that old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in morvern callar .
1	director ferzan ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . but he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
0	do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman doesn't work ?
1	both overstuffed and undernourished . . . the film can't be called a solid success , although there's plenty of evidence here to indicate clooney might have better luck next time .
1	in the end , the weight of water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you'd expect to see on showtime's 'red shoe diaries . '
1	the star who helped give a spark to " chasing amy " and " changing lanes " falls flat as thinking man cia agent jack ryan in this summer's new action film , " the sum of all fears . "
0	despite its title , punch-drunk love is never heavy-handed . the jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
0	hey , who else needs a shower ?
1	the movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable navet and arbitrary flashbacks .
1	the modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
0	if you're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with jason x .
0	the touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
0	apuestas fuertes para el futuro del director , y apuestas bien fundadas , pues la suerte ya la tiene , y la cinta lo comprueba . . . .
1	watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
1	. . . a bland , pretentious mess .
1	it's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy !
1	obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
1	it's neither as sappy as big daddy nor as anarchic as happy gilmore or the waterboy , but it has its moments .
0	legendary irish writer brendan behan's memoir , borstal boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
0	" auto focus " works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the playboy era
0	as ex-marine walter , who may or may not have shot kennedy , actor raymond j . barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
1	it's so underwritten that you can't figure out just where the other characters , including ana's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of ana's future .
0	a triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
0	the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
0	i just loved every minute of this film .
1	murder by numbers is like a couple of mediocre tv-movie -of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
1	like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it can't escape its past , and it doesn't want to .
1	ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
0	remove spider-man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
0	makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
0	psychologically savvy .
0	it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
0	leaping from one arresting image to another , songs from the second floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
0	romantic comedy and dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
1	i've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but lil bow wow takes the cake .
0	here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
0	life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
0	boldly engineering a collision between tawdry b-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie , rose's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
1	adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . but what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
0	compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
0	the plot twists give i am trying to break your heart an attraction it desperately needed .
0	director juan jose campanella could have turned this into an argentine retread of " iris " or " american beauty , " but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
0	a candid and often fascinating documentary about a pentecostal church in dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
0	greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
1	woody allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . but i had a lot of problems with this movie .
0	the year's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
0	the fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that broomfield's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
1	can't seem to get anywhere near the story's center .
0	the film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of de palma , but what makes it transporting is that it's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an american director in years .
0	daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
0	if the film's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
0	a gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
0	between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
1	a puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
0	will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
0	[grant] goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
0	the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it's as if it all happened only yesterday .
0	finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
1	we get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle .
1	lame , haphazard teen comedy .
1	the film goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
0	everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
1	if this disposable tissue has one wild card , it's john turturro , who's simply fab as a spanish butler with a foot fetish .
0	an offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
0	beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that's there to scare while we delight in the images .
1	. . . an airless , prepackaged julia roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you'll wonder if lopez's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
1	the animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from bambi and the lion king , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
1	there's a solid woman- finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it .
0	plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
1	each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
1	a dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
0	sex with strangers is fascinating . . .
0	[a] satisfying niblet .
0	performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering oscar-caliber performances .
1	for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
1	with danilo donati's witty designs and dante spinotti's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children's movie -- if only benigni hadn't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
1	this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
0	the film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
0	robinson's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that clancy creates .
1	[newton]wanders through charlie completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
0	a much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director anthony friedman's similarly updated 1970 british production .
0	mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
0	is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
0	proves that some movie formulas don't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .
1	just like every other seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail .
1	thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters . mom and dad can catch some quality naptime along the way .
1	it's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .
1	cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
0	narc may not get an 'a' for originality , but it wears its b-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
0	ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
0	as played by ryan gosling , danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
0	smart and taut .
0	this is a winning ensemble comedy that shows canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
0	an important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
1	so lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
1	the film is way too full of itself ; it's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-oscar kind of way .
0	a well-executed spy-thriller .
1	the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
0	a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
0	it never fails to engage us .
1	plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
0	the case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
1	done in mostly by a weak script that can't support the epic treatment .
1	releasing a film with the word 'dog' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .
1	after a while , hoffman's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
1	what starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
0	karmen moves like rhythm itself , her lips chanting to the beat , her long , braided hair doing little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat .
1	the film's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
1	herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among germany and eastern european jews might have changed 20th-century history is undermined by ahola's inadequate performance .
1	absolutely ( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
0	allows us to hope that nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
0	there are moments in this account of the life of artist frida kahlo that are among cinema's finest this year . unfortunately , they're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of kahlo's life imaginable .
0	benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end .
1	even in this less-than-magic kingdom , reese rules .
0	bittersweet comedy/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable italian guys .
0	[ " take care of my cat " ] is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban south korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
1	gere gives a good performance in a film that doesn't merit it .
0	. . . hits every cliche we've come to expect , including the assumption that " crazy " people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
0	affable if not timeless , like mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
1	barely gets off the ground .
0	twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone .
1	the movie's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself doesn't stand a ghost of a chance .
1	a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
0	viveka seldahl and sven wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
1	by the end of it all i sort of loved the people onscreen , even though i could not stand them . perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . it's not an easy one to review .
0	overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
0	by the time we learn that andrew's turnabout is fair play is every bit as awful as borchardt's coven , we can enjoy it anyway .
0	a lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
0	a manically generous christmas vaudeville .
1	imagine the james woods character from videodrome making a home movie of audrey rose and showing it to the kid from the sixth sense and you've imagined the ring .
1	this is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
1	the performances are so leaden , michael rymer's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
0	the film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
1	ninety minutes of viva castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of jesse helms' anti- castro rhetoric , which are included
1	woody , what happened ?
0	the soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
1	this 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
1	the problem is that rather than dramatizing this premise , mr . desplechin is content to state it .
0	the most compelling wiseman epic of recent years .
0	the film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
1	a film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , waiting for happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
1	might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .
0	oscar wilde's masterpiece , the importance of being earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . it's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even oliver parker's movie adaptation .
0	oliveira seems to pursue silent film representation with every mournful composition .
1	alternately frustrating and rewarding .
1	if we don't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
0	cho's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . her delivery and timing are flawless .
1	i'm sure if you're a hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself . . . me , i didn't care for it .
0	a deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession  one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
1	entertaining enough , but nothing new
0	a captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
0	nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
0	pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
1	a well-intentioned effort that's still too burdened by the actor's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
0	impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation . . . just about as chilling and unsettling as 'manhunter' was .
0	if you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , sweet home alabama is diverting in the manner of jeff foxworthy's stand-up act .
0	the perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
0	i've yet to find an actual vietnam war combat movie actually produced by either the north or south vietnamese , but at least now we've got something pretty damn close .
1	so genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . it never is , not fully .
1	. . . grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
1	there are many definitions of 'time waster' but this movie must surely be one of them .
0	what jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
0	predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .
0	it's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook's foundation and dalrymple's film earn their uplift .
1	did we really need a remake of " charade ? "
1	the plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .
1	blue crush is as predictable as the tides . . . . the movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
1	deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
1	any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of god are framed in a drama so clumsy , there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that bean abhors .
1	a waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
0	secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
0	two weeks notice has appeal beyond being a sandra bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
0	brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life's harshness .
0	a sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old welsh boy more curious about god than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
1	. . . a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
1	the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
1	slow , silly and unintentionally hilarious .
0	the piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to anspaugh's three lead actresses .
0	one thing you have to give them credit for : the message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company's previous video work .
1	there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has- been-told-a- thousand-times- before movie .
0	tuck everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
0	a disturbing examination of what appears to be the definition of a 'bad' police shooting .
0	although life or something like it is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director stephen herek's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
0	director chris wedge and screenwriters michael berg , michael j . wilson and peter ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage looney tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
0	cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
1	the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
1	a blair witch- style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
0	in a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
1	the premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
1	is the time really ripe for a warmed-over james bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
0	confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of barris' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
0	from its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , martin is a masterfully conducted work .
0	not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral--and , hence , more chillingly effective .
1	the animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet return to neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .
1	a film that will probably please people already fascinated by behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
0	it's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . but it's hardly a necessary enterprise .
1	just an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time .
1	i walked away not really know who " they " were , what " they " looked like . why " they " were here and what " they " wanted and quite honestly , i didn't care .
0	an inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of vietnamese refugees living in u . s . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
0	an old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
0	even those who would like to dismiss the film outright should find much to mull and debate .
0	a poignant lyricism runs through balzac and the little chinese seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
0	a whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
1	nothing more substantial than a fitfully clever doodle .
1	if you saw it on tv , you'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
0	a stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
0	the special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the oscar-winning sound and james horner's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
0	is truth stranger than fiction ? in [screenwriter] charlie kaufman's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
0	at nearly three hours , the whole of safe conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
0	. . . an enjoyably frothy 'date movie' . . .
1	the most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
0	as an introduction to the man's theories and influence , derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it's invaluable .
0	though filmed partly in canada , paid in full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the reagan years .
1	[i]f you've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you've already seen this kind of thing .
1	anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .
1	. . . instead go rent " shakes the clown " , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great robin williams performance .
1	what could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
0	k-19 : the widowmaker is a great yarn .
1	britney's performance cannot be faulted . lucy's a dull girl , that's all .
0	stands as one of the year's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
0	merchant effectively translates naipaul's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
1	that zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
1	everything in maid in manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . it goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
1	an easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
0	the farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .
0	a meatier deeper beginning and/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the " a " range , as is , it's a very very strong " b+ . " i love the robust middle of this picture .
1	this tuxedo . . . should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
1	there's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
0	a movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
1	seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it's a sad , sick sight .
0	a comic gem with some serious sparkles .
0	in addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , changing lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
1	nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
1	characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
1	how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
1	maybe it's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , i want a little more than this .
0	anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but can't afford the $20 million ticket to ride a russian rocket should catch this imax offering .
1	it's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
0	'compleja e intelectualmente retadora , el ladrn de orqudeas es uno de esos filmes que vale la pena ver precisamente por su originalidad . '
0	[has] an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it's all true .
1	the kind of spectacularly misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
1	shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .
1	. . . too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
0	likely to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer .
1	we can't accuse kung pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . unfortunately , we'd prefer a simple misfire .
0	munch's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . he watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . his scenes are short and often unexpected .
0	leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
0	. . . a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
0	it seems like i have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now i can't wait for the sequel .
0	a gorgeous , high-spirited musical from india that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
1	samira makhmalbaf's new film blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
0	this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
1	crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
0	with " ichi the killer " , takashi miike , japan's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than batman . . .
1	works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
0	able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
0	the vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .
0	one of the best , most understated performances of [jack nicholson's] career .
1	it's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
0	enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
1	by turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
1	goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
1	a generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
0	helps to remind the first world that hiv/aids is far from being yesterday's news .
0	fessenden's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
1	more of a career curio than a major work .
1	it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
1	. . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
0	if the very concept makes you nervous . . . you'll have an idea of the film's creepy , scary effectiveness .
0	deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
1	time of favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
1	although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
0	sometimes this 'blood' seems as tired as its protagonist . . . still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game .
0	jackie chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
0	although it doesn't always hang together -- violence and whimsy don't combine easily -- " cherish " certainly isn't dull .
1	imagine a really bad community theater production of west side story without the songs .
1	it's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
0	see it . debate it . remember it .
0	a woman's pic directed with resonance by ilya chaiken .
1	when the precise nature of matthew's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
0	. . . a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
0	you will likely prefer to keep on watching .
0	the cast is top-notch and i predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over michael idemoto as michael .
0	more good than great but freeman and judd make it work .
0	compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
0	blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time .
0	a canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a london sociopath who's the scariest of sadists .
0	it's like an old warner bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie errol flynn always wanted to make , though bette davis , cast as joan , would have killed him .
1	kapur's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
1	the sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
0	a tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
1	an earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era -- say , the '60s .
1	includes too much obvious padding .
1	'enigma' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . a waste of good performances .
1	thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad scouse accents
0	even if the naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
0	there is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
1	no amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are 'german-expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
0	a slick , engrossing melodrama .
0	it's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
1	it's all surface psychodramatics .
0	by turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , never again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
1	there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening .
0	it ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of latin america's most oppressive regimes .
0	a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
0	it's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
0	the story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that's rare in film today , but be warned : it's a slow slog to get there .
0	the story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
1	the story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly -stunning insight that crime doesn't pay .
1	this picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your abc's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
1	a sensual performance from abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
0	when your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like goldie hawn and susan sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
0	it's all entertaining enough , but don't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .
0	writer-director burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
0	the beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
1	chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
1	a dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness .
0	the screenplay never lets us forget that bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him . . . there is never really a true " us " versus " them " .
1	the script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that's where this film should have remained .
0	alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . it's a masterpeice .
0	with few respites , marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in moulin rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
1	a feeble tootsie knockoff .
1	. . . tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .
0	not too far below the gloss you can still feel director denis villeneuve's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
0	the ya-ya's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be ya-ya .
1	the gantzes' interviews tend to let the guys off the hook .
0	a good piece of work more often than not .
1	sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it doesn't .
1	the lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . we don't even like their characters .
0	it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
0	an engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
0	stevenson's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
1	what we have here isn't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
0	phillip noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , christopher doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of greene's prose , and it's there on the screen in their version of the quiet american .
1	writer/director burr steers emphasizes the q in quirky , with mixed results .
0	chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
1	a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
1	[a] slummer .
0	a clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
1	creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
0	. . . even if you've never heard of chaplin , you'll still be glued to the screen .
1	the christ allegory doesn't work because there is no foundation for it
0	candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
1	the characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of scooter .
1	tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
0	by turns very dark and very funny .
0	it may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .
1	in theory , a middle-aged romance pairing clayburgh and tambor sounds promising , but in practice it's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
1	a depressingly retrograde , 'post-feminist' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
0	the stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
1	shankman . . . and screenwriter karen janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of bible parables and not an actual story .
0	it is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . i haven't seen one in so long , no wonder i didn't recognize it at first .
1	there's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film's simple title .
1	doesn't add up to much .
1	there's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
1	a low-rent retread of the alien pictures .
1	reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . it has no affect on the kurds , but it wore me down .
1	it's hard not to feel you've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
0	it's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
0	the dragons are the real stars of reign of fire and you won't be disappointed .
1	'pocas ideas interesantes , un final pseudo mstico que no corresponde al tono general del filme y que deja una sensacin de inconformidad que hace pensar ms de una vez si vale la pena ir a la taquilla y reclamar el precio del boleto . '
1	the movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
1	the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo .
1	the film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
0	an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
0	a sweet-natured reconsideration of one of san francisco's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
1	for all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , lily chou-chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
0	if [jaglom's] latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
1	hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script . . . that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
0	i had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was earnest .
1	this film's relationship to actual tension is the same as what christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
1	burns' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
1	a living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . the fact that it isn't very good is almost beside the point .
0	one of the greatest films i've ever seen .
0	the ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
0	a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
1	the action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
0	exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran bouquet and the chilling but quite human berling .
0	a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a direct-to-video' release .
0	a gem of a movie .
1	i was trying to decide what annoyed me most about god is great . . . i'm not , and then i realized that i just didn't care .
1	a sequence of ridiculous shoot-'em-up scenes .
1	a loquacious and dreary piece of business .
1	a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
0	this is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
1	too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
1	equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .
1	director shekhar kapur and screenwriters michael schiffer and hossein amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
0	all the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .
0	in its own floundering way , it gets to you . just like igby .
1	rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
0	the script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
0	smith profiles five extraordinary american homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
1	has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
1	more of the same old garbage hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
0	imperfect ? yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
1	. . . a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
0	a fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with kissinger . should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
0	parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . but mostly it's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
0	a rarity among recent iranian films : it's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist's plight .
0	ultimately , it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
1	may offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
0	leigh's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of margaret thatcher's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
0	there's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film . . . or the emotional integrity of the performances .
0	'anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
1	it doesn't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
1	the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
1	you see robin williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . you see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
0	this is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . delight your senses and crash this wedding !
0	the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of .
1	stale , futile scenario .
1	disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
0	take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he'll be your slave for a year .
0	ao sair do cinema , eu estava feliz e com saudades de um tempo em que , para mim , a existncia de papai noel era um fato inquestionvel .
1	even with its $50-million us budget , pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
0	fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy .
0	a great companion piece to other napoleon films .
1	just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
0	the people in jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we're never sure how things will work out .
1	there's some outrageously creative action in the transporter . . . [b]ut by the time frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
0	the moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
0	what's most memorable about circuit is that it's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables shafer to navigate spaces both large . . . and small . . . with considerable aplomb .
0	charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie .
0	steven soderbergh doesn't remake andrei tarkovsky's solaris so much as distill it .
0	ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
1	a formula family tearjerker told with a heavy irish brogue . . . accentuating , rather than muting , the plot's saccharine thrust .
0	the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
0	a splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
0	combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
1	[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
1	while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
0	the lively appeal of the last kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
0	audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film's tart , sugar-free wit .
1	needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
0	director roger kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . and there's the inimitable diaz , holding it all together .
0	the filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , b movie way , they succeed .
0	it is so refreshing to see robin williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he's been making for the last several years .
1	nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
1	it offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
0	you've already seen city by the sea under a variety of titles , but it's worth yet another visit .
1	eddie murphy and owen wilson have a cute partnership in i spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm doesn't do a load of good .
0	dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
0	lee jeong-hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that i couldn't help being captivated by it .
1	demands too much of most viewers .
1	the only thing in pauline and paulette that you haven't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
1	has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy can't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original . if i want music , i'll buy the soundtrack . if i want a real movie , i'll buy the criterion dvd .
1	the movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
1	about as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .
0	that rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
1	never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
0	the reason to see " sade " lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( auteil ) and emilie ( le besco ) .
0	thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
1	the film . . . presents classic moral-condundrum drama : what would you have done to survive ? the problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of auschwitz ii-birkenau .
0	stephen earnhart's homespun documentary mule skinner blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
1	if it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in dolby digital stereo . if nothing else , " rollerball " 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by ll cool j .
1	an unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy that bites off considerably more than writer/director john mckay can swallow .
0	an intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
1	cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy .
0	anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
1	the story is so light and sugary that were it a macy's thanksgiving day parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
0	it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
0	a very funny romantic comedy about two skittish new york middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
0	it's as close as we'll ever come to looking through a photographer's viewfinder as he works .
0	. . . an inviting piece of film .
0	the mothman prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
0	serious and thoughtful .
0	you could say that it's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people wouldn't , but one thing you couldn't say is that alias betty is predictable .
0	a special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of memento . . .
1	yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a can't-miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
0	at times the guys taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . it's not a motion picture ; it's an utterly static picture .
1	an incoherent jumble of a film that's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
1	it's tough , astringent , darkly funny and . . . well , it's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning .
0	though few will argue that it ranks with the best of herzog's works , invincible shows he's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
0	who knows what exactly godard is on about in this film , but his words and images don't have to add up to mesmerize you .
1	mildly entertaining .
0	a breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
1	it shares the first two films' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .
0	a muted freak-out
0	simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular new yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
0	it's this memory-as-identity obviation that gives secret life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self .
0	a smart , witty follow-up .
1	for a film about action , ultimate x is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
1	when not wallowing in its characters' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
0	it's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother/daughter pair .
0	perhaps not since nelson eddy crooned his indian love call to jeanette macdonald has there been a movie so unabashedly canadian , not afraid to risk american scorn or disinterest .
1	full of witless jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
0	there was time on that second round to see the subtleties of ramsay's portrait of grief .
0	the directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on taylor's doorstep . but the actors make this worth a peek .
0	this remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : al pacino loathing robin williams .
0	a culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling american in europe .
0	the subtle strength of " elling " is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
1	when a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that's a bad sign . a very bad sign .
1	[nelson's] movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
1	a sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
1	the characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite james bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as the usual suspects .
0	visits spy-movie territory like a novel you can't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
0	there is a subversive element to this disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
0	for decades we've marveled at disney's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . prepare to marvel again .
1	despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments , super troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
0	on its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
1	a passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .
1	dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
1	the setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
0	with exquisite craftsmanship . . . olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .
0	it won't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , finch's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a saturday matinee .
1	problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
0	thanks to haynes' absolute control of the film's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , far from heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
1	go , girls , right down the reality drain .
1	a less-than-thrilling thriller .
1	while the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
0	sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best i remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
0	solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
1	apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
1	authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
1	it's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
1	while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
1	i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
1	it's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
0	a mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
0	eric schweig and graham greene both exude an air of dignity that's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
1	even die-hard fans of japanese animation . . . will find this one a challenge .
1	a bit of an unwieldy mess .
0	it's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
0	passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
0	a lot smarter than your average bond .
0	koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
0	mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
1	this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
1	movies like this are selling the old european candor , the old wink of 'bold' revelation . but in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
1	plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure hollywood .
0	one of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
1	mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer's bloated effects fest the mummy returns .
1	[jackson and bledel] seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
1	oh , it's extreme , all right . extremely dumb . extremely confusing . extremely boring .
1	two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .
0	the premise of jason x is silly but strangely believable .
1	many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .
0	colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you , burkinabe filmmaker dani kouyate's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
1	since the movie is based on a nicholas sparks best seller , you know death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things .
1	lacks depth .
1	the story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .
1	will give many ministers and bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . but mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
0	because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by kieran culkin .
1	surprisingly , considering that baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
1	lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
0	though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
1	the great pity is that those responsible didn't cut their losses  and ours  and retitle it the adventures of direct-to-video nash , and send it to its proper home .
0	brian tufano's handsome widescreen photography and paul grabowsky's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
1	works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
1	the character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and clayburgh doesn't always improve the over-the-top mix .
0	each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as brother-man vs . the man .
1	the plot is nothing but boilerplate clichs from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it's also too stupid to realize that they've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
1	i can't remember the last time i saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there's only one problemit's supposed to be a drama .
0	an uplifting , near-masterpiece .
1	once the 50 year old benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
0	even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
0	though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
0	horns and halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
0	a wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of being john malkovich .
1	you'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
0	for those in search of something different , wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
1	all's well that ends well , and rest assured , the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
1	a crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
0	drug abuse , infidelity and death aren't usually comedy fare , but turpin's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
1	it's actually too sincere -- the crime movie equivalent of a chick flick .
1	the result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
0	. . . the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with musset unfolds as sand's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
1	martin scorsese cria um espetculo visual que no possui alma - um filme esteticamente belo , mas emocionalmente frio .
1	its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
0	writer/director mark romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in america . it's a scathing portrayal .
1	don't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
1	a wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
1	a dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . the movie is without intent .
1	helmer devito . . . attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids' tv and revenge .
0	i complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but the bourne identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
0	first and foremost . . . the reason to go see " blue crush " is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
0	if " lilo & stitch " isn't the most edgy piece of disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since " dumbo " certainly ranks as the most original in years .
1	a manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
1	nohe has made a decent 'intro' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
1	so we got ten little indians meets friday the 13th by way of clean and sober , filmed on the set of carpenter's the thing and loaded with actors you're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of the love boat .
0	not a bad journey at all .
1	they presume their audience won't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
1	the only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
0	a tightly directed , highly professional film that's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
0	one from the heart .
0	it made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . i thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love 'real' .
0	seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
0	writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
1	adam sandler's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
1	the screenplay sabotages the movie's strengths at almost every juncture . all the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
0	the story . . . is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
1	a perplexing example of promise unfulfilled , despite many charming moments .
1	wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
1	" sorority boys " was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
0	it's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
0	an engaging overview of johnson's eccentric career .
1	succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the touched by an angel school of non-god spiritual-uplift movies .
1	90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
0	this is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that doesn't reveal even a hint of artifice .
0	ryan gosling . . . is at 22 a powerful young actor .
0	. . . an interesting slice of history .
0	denis and co-writer michele petin's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . lead provocatuers testud and parmentier give superlative performances
0	deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
1	i kept wishing i was watching a documentary about the wartime navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious hollywood hoo-ha .
0	throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
0	at its best , which occurs often , michael moore's bowling for columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the 'are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .
0	[an] absorbing documentary .
0	the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
0	the movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the cotswolds .
0	based on dave barry's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters' moves and overlapping story .
0	melodrama with a message .
0	its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
0	goofy , nutty , consistently funny . and educational !
1	it's really yet another anemic and formulaic lethal weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
1	it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff .
1	so much about the film is loopy and ludicrous . . . that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
1	it's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
1	fans of plympton's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
0	evelyn's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
1	uzumaki's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse . . .
0	some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
0	tres greek writer and star nia vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
0	the writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
1	the worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play dress down hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
1	femme fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of clue ?
0	flavorful and romantic , you could call this how martha got her groove back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
1	does paint some memorable images . . . , but makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
0	a great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
1	'wouldn't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it's like on the other side of the bra ? '
1	birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
0	a movie i loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
1	for a story set at sea , ghost ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed 'surprises . '
1	instead of making his own style , director marcus adams just copies from various sources  good sources , bad mixture
1	. . . the last time i saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my sats .
1	it won't be long before you'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
1	sadly , hewitt's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
1	reyes' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it's undone by a sloppy script
0	road to perdition does display greatness , and it's worth seeing . but it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it's won .
1	lacks dramatic punch and depth .
1	i guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
1	a movie that's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
1	one lousy movie .
0	a marvel of production design .
0	a powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man's dying fall .
0	a wonderful , ghastly film .
0	though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
0	a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . it's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
0	this humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of zhao benshan and the delicate ways of dong jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that 'they don't make movies like they used to anymore . '
0	the invincible werner herzog is alive and well and living in la
0	as the dominant christine , sylvie testud is icily brilliant .
1	the entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
0	more vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .
0	even with all its botches , enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
1	imagine the cleanflicks version of 'love story , ' with ali macgraw's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
1	spain's greatest star wattage doesn't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
1	ken russell would love this . in one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of quentin tarantino's climactic shootout  and meat loaf explodes .
0	while parker and co-writer catherine di napoli are faithful to melville's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast . . . have made the old boy's characters more quick-witted than any english lit major would have thought possible .
0	the story , like life , refuses to be simple , and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
1	chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
0	my big fat greek wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it's also a -- dare i say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally american , i might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
0	leave it to the french to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
0	like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
1	a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
0	boomers and their kids will have a barrie good time .
1	it's a fanboy 'what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen .
1	five screenwriters are credited with the clich-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
1	overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
0	ana's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her rubenesque physique . . .
1	just dreadful . i don't blame eddie murphy but shouldn't owen wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
0	pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
1	has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that seagal's overweight and out of shape .
1	if disney's cinderella proved that 'a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then cinderella ii proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio's wallet makes .
0	just how these families interact may surprise you .
0	the film is exhilarating to watch because sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
1	though avary has done his best to make something out of ellis' nothing novel , in the end , his rules is barely worth following .
0	by candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , [jones] calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
0	huppert and girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
1	a timid , soggy near miss .
0	gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
0	you come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
1	wouldn't it be funny if a bunch of allied soldiers went undercover as women in a german factory during world war ii ? um , no . but here's a movie about it anyway .
0	hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
1	[it's] a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy vinnie jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
1	an awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
0	a film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
1	all the movie's narrative gymnastics can't disguise the fact that it's inauthentic at its core and that its story just isn't worth telling .
1	a static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .
0	byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
1	screenwriters scott abbott and michael petroni have turned rice's complex akasha into a cartoon monster .
0	the film belongs to the marvelous verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
1	gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichs .
1	we hate [madonna] within the film's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
0	a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
0	eight legged freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
1	little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
1	frank capra played this story straight . but the 2002 film doesn't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate 'comedy' scenes .
1	those who managed to avoid the deconstructionist theorizing of french philosopher jacques derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary derrida . or , you can do something fun tonight .
1	a sugar-coated rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
0	steven soderbergh's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
1	a collage of clichs and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
1	this isn't a " friday " worth waiting for .
0	neil burger here succeeded in . . . making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
0	charming and witty , it's also somewhat clumsy .
1	i approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
1	i didn't find much fascination in the swinging . what they're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
1	why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? wouldn't one about their famous dad , author of death in venice , etc . , be more valuable ?
0	the formula is familiar but enjoyable .
0	the heightened symmetry of this new/old cinema paradiso makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
1	ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing .
1	don't even bother to rent this on video .
0	daughter from danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
0	full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , time out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
0	few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
1	every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of rohypnol .
1	it's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist . . . studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
1	extremely bad .
0	while guzmn frustratingly refuses to give pinochet's crimes a political context , his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
1	though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we've seen before .
0	although what time offers tsai's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
0	lan yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
0	an enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
1	taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
0	the search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because blanchett and ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters' suffering .
0	tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
0	a sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern china .
0	a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
1	these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
0	denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave's career . it deserves to be seen everywhere .
1	it doesn't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
1	terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing . . . the movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
0	sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
1	nelson's brutally unsentimental approach . . . sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
1	i can't remember the last time i saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in extreme ops .
1	soul is what's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
0	a small movie with a big heart .
1	the talented and clever robert rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and didn't reserve enough for his second .
1	the story's so preposterous that i didn't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
1	while obviously an extremely personal work , it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
0	if there's nothing fresh about wannabes , which was written by mr . demeo , who produced and directed the film with charles a . addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
0	the scorpion king is more fun than conan the barbarian .
0	asia authors herself as anna battista , an italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
0	hard , endearing , caring , warm . bring tissues .
0	expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
1	guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it's not scary in the slightest .
0	not the best herzog perhaps , but unmistakably herzog .
0	dogtown and z-boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become " the punk kids' revolution . "
1	the only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . you try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
1	frenetic but not really funny .
0	it's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
1	deserving of its critical backlash and more .
0	exceptionally well acted by diane lane and richard gere .
1	it's clear why deuces wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on mgm's shelf .
0	the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
1	a porn film without the sex scenes .
0	superbly photographed and staged by mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
1	the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
0	aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
0	for most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director m . night shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that mel gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
1	when it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than pokemon 4ever .
1	plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
1	the lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced . . . it's a pity that [nelson's] achievement doesn't match his ambition .
1	earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
0	it's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true 'epic' .
0	warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film .
1	interesting , but not compelling .
0	it's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
1	the narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking mystery science theater 3000 guys .
0	there is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
0	[broomfield] uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
1	i wonder what the reaction of israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation .
0	japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
1	if you liked the 1982 film then , you'll still like it now .
0	exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
0	in its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , time out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything i have seen in an american film .
0	a pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of crystal and de niro .
0	a marvel like none you've seen .
0	miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
0	the movie isn't just hilarious : it's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it isn't even all that dumb .
1	certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , eight crazy nights is a total misfire .
0	" the dangerous lives of altar boys " has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
0	a compelling spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
1	it would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
1	much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there isn't much there here .
0	an infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
1	cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
1	though its atmosphere is intriguing . . . the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
0	an enthralling aesthetic experience , one that's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
1	as a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , murder by numbers fits the profile too closely .
0	amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than barbershop .
1	tv skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
1	this thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
1	leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
1	the secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before i see this piece of crap again .
0	if you're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .
0	has it ever been possible to say that williams has truly inhabited a character ? it is now .
1	the whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
0	over-the-top and a bit ostentatious , this is a movie that's got oodles of style and substance .
1	witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
1	abysmally pathetic
0	witty , touching and well paced .
0	a lovably old-school hollywood confection .
1	hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
1	once she lets her love depraved leads meet , [denis'] story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
1	i am sorry that i was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
1	for all its brilliant touches , dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
0	this fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives the lady and the duke something of a theatrical air .
1	woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the " saving private ryan " battle scenes before realizing steven spielberg got it right the first time ?
0	well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
0	the performances are an absolute joy .
0	an instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
0	a backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
0	a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane .
1	the film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
0	doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere .
0	will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
1	it's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
1	producer john penotti surveyed high school students . . . and came back with the astonishing revelation that " they wanted to see something that didn't talk down to them . " ignoring that , he made swimfan anyway
1	an artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
1	purports to be a hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . oh , and more entertaining , too .
1	scherfig , who has had a successful career in tv , tackles more than she can handle .
1	as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen .
0	below may not mark mr . twohy's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
1	it's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it's well worth a rental .
0	it's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
1	the things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just won't fly with most intelligent viewers .
0	pan nalin's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
0	en s mismo el rey len es un espectculo digno de contemplarse en cine , dvd o en su soberbio montaje teatral ; pero el hacerlo en la pantalla imax es una experiencia colosal .
1	this is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director dario argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
0	a raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted korean american stand-up's i'm the one that i want .
1	time stands still in more ways that one in clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
0	mazel tov to a film about a family's joyous life acting on the yiddish stage .
0	harmless fun .
1	yet another arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
1	are monsters born , or made ?
0	as simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . this is a movie you can trust .
0	a well-put-together piece of urban satire .
1	shallow .
1	despite engaging offbeat touches , knockaround guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
1	no number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
0	the result puts a human face on derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally couldn't care less .
1	too loud , too long and too frantic by half , die another day suggests that the bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 cannot fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
1	overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
1	the movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
0	ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
1	unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
1	it's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
1	if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
1	rather less than the sum of its underventilated pre-fils confrontations .
0	poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
0	it is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
1	too clever by about nine-tenths .
1	the filmmakers lack the nerve . . . to fully exploit the script's potential for sick humor .
1	" my god , i'm behaving like an idiot ! " yes , you are , ben kingsley .
0	the direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by harris , phifer and cam'ron seal the deal .
1	devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
1	the last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others' affections .
0	a jewish ww ii doc that isn't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! who knew . . .
0	a tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
0	if you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
0	has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they're not interested .
0	probably the best case for christianity since chesterton and lewis .
1	just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
0	miyazaki's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about spirited away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
1	if you've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what sex with strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
0	peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
1	the punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . but death to smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
1	mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
1	choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
0	starts slowly , but adrien brody  in the title role  helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
1	a really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
1	[t]his slop doesn't even have potential as a cult film , as it's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
0	at its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
1	spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
0	an inventive , absorbing movie that's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
0	there is greatness here .
1	a nearly 21/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
0	like brosnan's performance , evelyn comes from the heart .
0	the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
0	with an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , hlne angel is definitely a director to watch .
0	coral reef adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
0	its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
0	there's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like steven spielberg to follow a . i . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
0	. . . it's as comprehensible as any dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
1	for all the complications , it's all surprisingly predictable .
1	for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown .
0	labute's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
1	most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
1	allegiance to chekhov , which director michael cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of the cherry orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
1	aan opportunity wasted .
0	the plot of the comeback curlers isn't very interesting actually , but what i like about men with brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what's unique and quirky about canadians .
1	there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter .
0	it will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
1	bearable . barely .
0	a treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you're a struggling nobody .
1	put it somewhere between sling blade and south of heaven , west of hell in the pantheon of billy bob's body of work .
0	superb production values & christian bale's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
1	a frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , bartleby performs neither one very well .
0	vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
1	instead of using george and lucy's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george's haplessness and lucy's personality tics .
1	after all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
1	as self-aware movies go , who is cletis tout ? is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .
0	much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation .
1	this is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
0	one-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
0	it's not particularly well made , but since i found myself howling more than cringing , i'd say the film works .
1	shreve's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
0	. . . there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
1	you can tell almost immediately that welcome to collinwood isn't going to jell .
0	this is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
0	while locals will get a kick out of spotting cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning coen brothers envious .
1	in the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director joe carnahan .
0	beneath the film's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
1	doesn't really add up to much .
1	we are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
0	washington overcomes the script's flaws and envelops the audience in his character's anguish , anger and frustration .
1	sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor hermocrates and leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
0	can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
0	the pianist is the film roman polanski may have been born to make .
0	if you liked such movies as notting hill , four weddings and a funeral , bridget jones' diary or high fidelity , then you won't want to miss about a boy .
0	insomnia is one of the year's best films and pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
0	what lee does so marvelously compelling is present brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic america . . . sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of jim brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
1	due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
0	so unique and stubborn and charismatic that you want it to be better and more successful than it is .
1	you know that ten bucks you'd spend on a ticket ? just send it to cranky . we don't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
1	control-alt-delete simone as quickly as possible
0	resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
1	a shambles of a movie--visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly . . . its hilarity is completely unintentional .
1	unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various new york city locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
0	a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
0	the performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
1	big fat liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
0	the picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it's no glance . it's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
0	a great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy needn't always make us laugh . tim story's not there yet - but 'barbershop' shows he's on his way .
1	everything else about high crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
1	the beautiful images and solemn words cannot disguise the slack complacency of [godard's] vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
1	most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
0	bluer than the atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie . . . is , also , frequently hilarious .
1	in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
1	ah , the travails of metropolitan life ! alas , another breathless movie about same !
0	skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
1	a determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really doesn't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
0	an intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
0	all in all , brown sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that's both charming and well acted . it will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
0	reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . it also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
1	unofficially , national lampoon's van wilder is son of animal house . officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
0	if you're willing to have fun with it , you won't feel cheated by the high infidelity of unfaithful .
1	a synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
0	light years/ several warp speeds/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful insurrection . which isn't to say that it's the equal of some of its predecessors .
1	all ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
1	memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
1	i liked the movie , but i know i would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further . i'm left slightly disappointed that it didn't .
0	a delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
1	the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
0	the fourth " pokemon " is a diverting--if predictable--adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world's delicate ecological balance .
1	this movie is about the worst thing chan has done in the united states .
1	cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
0	despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
0	watching haneke's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . but watching huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
0	as surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
1	whatever satire lucky break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the " soon-to-be-forgettable " section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . it's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
1	the master of disaster - it's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
1	though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by james spader and maggie gyllenhaal , i felt disrespected .
1	diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
0	a small gem from belgium .
0	it's a pleasure to see seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies chris rock , garry shandling and colin quinn .
0	this masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
1	so stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
1	as it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
1	the movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
0	a terrific b movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
0	my wife's plotting is nothing special ; it's the delivery that matters here .
0	at a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism american moviemaking ever had , godfrey reggio's career shines like a lonely beacon .
0	it's all about anakin . . . and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
0	hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
0	like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to mr . wong's in the mood for love -- very much a hong kong movie despite its mainland setting .
1	in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
1	an ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
1	77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
0	though nijinsky's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
1	it is just too bad the film's story does not live up to its style .
1	director barry skolnick and his screenwriters glibly tick off every point of " the longest yard " playbook like a checklist .
0	this odd , distant portuguese import more or less borrows from bad lieutenant and les vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
0	it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
0	from the opening strains of the average white band's " pick up the pieces " , you can feel the love .
0	ramsay , as in ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
1	while kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
1	national lampoon's van wilder may aim to be the next animal house , but it more closely resembles this year's version of tomcats .
0	the casting of von sydow . . . is itself intacto's luckiest stroke .
1	[a] painfully flat gross-out comedy . . .
0	symbolically , warm water under a red bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
0	an extraordinary swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that bille august does best .
0	it's a charming and often affecting journey .
0	an engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who's being conned right up to the finale .
1	when cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy giannini , madonna gives her best performance since abel ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his dangerous game .
0	a swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
0	it all adds up to good fun .
1	the script by vincent r . nebrida . . . tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
0	while this movie , by necessity , lacks fellowship's heart , two towers outdoes its spectacle .
1	it's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
1	while the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
1	it has become apparent that the franchise's best years are long past .
1	the film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
1	cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
0	not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
0	a typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate french coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
0	remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
0	it's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
1	it is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
0	a gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative hollywood practices .
0	smith's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
1	a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .
0	as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys' novel " the death of napoleon " and directed by alan taylor , napoleon's journey is interesting but his parisian rebirth is stillborn
0	delightfully rendered
0	although it's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
0	like its predecessor , it's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .
0	a movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you don't want to be .
0	para hitler , o mundo era sua tela ; e o horror , seu pincel . e max retrata este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatao da realidade histrica .
0	on the surface , it's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with piesiewicz's and kieslowski's earlier work , films like the double life of veronique .
1	dignified ceo's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . can you bear the laughter ?
0	a story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . it is also beautifully acted .
1	nights feels more like a quickie tv special than a feature film . . . it's not even a tv special you'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
1	fluffy and disposible .
1	this is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
1	not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy hollywood at its laziest .
0	ferrara directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family's custom-made christmas card .
0	bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
0	this seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . it's a scorcher .
0	. . . a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
0	looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in jane hamilton's exemplary costumes , rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
1	the director's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that's low on both suspense and payoff .
1	the story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
0	like edward norton in american history x , ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
1	basically , it's pretty but dumb .
1	despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from kathryn bigelow , the weight of water is oppressively heavy .
1	that neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
1	. . . plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director can't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . in fact , it doesn't even seem like she tried .
1	not a cheap slasher flick , as the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey .
0	it is ridiculous , of course . . . but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
1	it's just plain boring .
1	i'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than evelyn this year .
0	an alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
1	humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
0	the powerful success of read my lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director/co-writer jacques audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of french filmmakers .
0	manages to delight without much of a story .
1	' . . . the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well . . . but quite frankly , scoob and shag don't eat enough during the film . '
0	between them , de niro and murphy make showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
1	in old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , ms . shreve's novel proved too difficult a text to 'lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
1	feels more like a rejected x-files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
0	[a] wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
1	it's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile .
0	a hard look at one man's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .
1	" looking for leonard " just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
0	. . . quite endearing .
1	the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
1	an ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
0	i admired this work a lot .
1	like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
1	there is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
1	just one bad idea after another .
0	the film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
1	after sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
0	another entertaining romp from robert rodriguez .
1	the whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of bewitched that takes place during spring break .
1	essentially a collection of bits -- and they're all naughty .
1	generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it's not without style .
0	going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .
1	this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous .
1	here the love scenes all end in someone screaming . maybe there's a metaphor here , but figuring it out wouldn't make trouble every day any better .
1	it's not that waiting for happiness is a bad film , because it isn't . it's just incredibly dull .
0	[gai] comes closer to any actress i can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
1	. . . hopefully it'll be at the dollar theatres by the time christmas rolls around . wait to see it then .
0	it's a glorious spectacle like those d . w . griffith made in the early days of silent film .
0	the dramatic crisis doesn't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but huppert's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .
0	liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , goodfellas image .
0	you never know where changing lanes is going to take you but it's a heck of a ride . samuel l . jackson is one of the best actors there is .
0	a moving and important film .
0	at its best when the guarded , resentful betty and the manipulative yet needy margot are front and center .
0	most of the things that made the original men in black such a pleasure are still there .
1	the action is reasonably well-done . . . yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .
0	this illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the holy land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
1	tends to plod .
1	no such thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
0	at its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .
1	stay away . far away .
1	it's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
0	a classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
1	a bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
1	i'd give real money to see the perpetrators of chicago torn apart by dingoes .
0	. . . there's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
1	the most horrific movie experience i've had since " can't stop the music . " it may as well be called " jar-jar binks : the movie . " it's that painful .
1	a wordy wisp of a comedy .
0	warm and exotic .
1	in a strange way , egoyan has done too much . he's worked too hard on this movie .
1	yet another genre exercise , gangster no . 1 is as generic as its title .
1	nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
0	none of his actors stand out , but that's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : characterization matters less than atmosphere .
0	there is a refreshing absence of cynicism in stuart little 2--quite a rarity , even in the family film market . eventually , it wins you over .
1	the tug-of-war at the core of beijing bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
1	viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who's who in this pretentious mess .
0	those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they don't really want to know .
0	a poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
1	incoherence reigns .
1	what you would end up with if you took orwell , bradbury , kafka , george lucas and the wachowski brothers and threw them into a blender . but that's just the problem with it - the director hasn't added enough of his own ingredients .
0	a rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
1	it would work much better as a one-hour tv documentary .
0	the emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who's ever had family trauma .
0	while it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
1	at three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
0	earnest , unsubtle and hollywood-predictable , green dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of vietnamese .
1	. . . may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . this scarlet's letter is a . . . as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
1	if a few good men told us that we " can't handle the truth " than high crimes poetically states at one point in this movie that we " don't care about the truth . "
1	the whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
0	as part of mr . dong's continuing exploration of homosexuality in america , family fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
0	as chilling and fascinating as philippe mora's modern hitler-study , snide and prejudice .
1	it almost plays like solaris , but with guns and jokes .
1	wishy-washy .
0	those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give " scratch " a second look .
1	sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .
1	" not really as bad as you might think ! "
1	gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
1	a depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
1	two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
0	the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett's familiar quotations
0	[hawn's character]is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
1	it's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic oliver parker intends to mangle next time .
1	the pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .
0	in my opinion , analyze that is not as funny or entertaining as analyze this , but it is a respectable sequel .
1	sandra bullock and hugh grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
0	a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002's first great film
1	definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the roman colosseum .
1	it's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly won't win any honors .
1	a well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
0	the movie's seams may show . . . but pellington gives " mothman " an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
1	despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on tv and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
0	one of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the french film industry in years .
0	has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
1	ritchie's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people's faces to the fact amber is such a joke .
0	an exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
1	this is a children's film in the truest sense . it's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it's great for the kids . parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there isn't enough clever innuendo to fil
0	cho's latest comic set isn't as sharp or as fresh as i'm the one that i want . . . but it's still damn funny stuff .
1	who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
0	the movie is . . . very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
0	a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
1	the humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
1	show me the mugging .
0	better than the tepid star trek : insurrection ; falls short of first contact because the villain couldn't pick the lint off borg queen alice krige's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of generations .
0	jason patric and ray liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
0	this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
1	predecessors the mummy and the mummy returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to the scorpion king .
1	comes off like a rejected abc afterschool special , freshened up by the dunce of a screenwriting 101 class . . . . designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , " crossroads " instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
1	bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a savage garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
1	goes on and on to the point of nausea .
1	would that greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
1	if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why didn't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
0	a well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
0	as a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , kissing jessica steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . yet it's not quite the genre-busting film it's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
1	staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
0	a venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
0	this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
0	a fine , rousing , g-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
0	like its new england characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
1	. . . a confusing drudgery .
1	say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
1	though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker's flailing reputation .
0	the long-range appeal of " minority report " should transcend any awards it bags . this is one for the ages .
1	has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies . . .
0	it's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
1	every good actor needs to do his or her own hamlet . for benigni it wasn't shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but pinocchio . it might as well have been problem child iv .
0	a party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
1	this movie . . . doesn't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
1	the movie's blatant derivativeness is one reason it's so lackluster .
1	there's an admirable rigor to jimmy's relentless anger , and to the script's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there's no place for this story to go but down .
1	the rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
0	charles' entertaining film chronicles seinfeld's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic adams' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
0	the additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but it doesn't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story . i like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
0	there's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
1	it's an awfully derivative story .
1	the film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
0	at once emotional and richly analytical , the cosby-seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
1	an overstylized , pured mlange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy . sometimes entertaining , sometimes indulgent -- but never less than pure wankery .
1	cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . it makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy's idea of a good time .
1	bland but harmless .
1	the film favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
0	there's a lot to recommend read my lips .
0	whether [binoche and magimel] are being charming or angst-ridden , they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
1	a loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
1	scarlet diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
0	it's absolutely spooky how lillard channels the shagster right down to the original casey kasem-furnished voice .
0	the values that have held the enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
1	the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
0	quando tiros em columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdo do trocadilho ) , no h como negar o brilhantismo da argumentao de seu diretor .
0	this is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
1	upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
0	mcgrath has deftly trimmed dickens' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
0	overall very good for what it's trying to do .
0	martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .
0	a penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
1	writer-director walter hill and co-writer david giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
0	kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble .
1	initially gripping , eventually cloying pow drama .
1	rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
1	a sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
1	the attempt is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven .
1	the predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
1	predictable and cloying , though brown sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
1	big fat liar is little more than home alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
0	you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
1	a series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
0	the film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
0	if you're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
0	one of the film's most effective aspects is its tchaikovsky soundtrack of neurasthenic regret .
0	we get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of americana that hollywood couldn't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
1	there are plot holes big enough for shamu the killer whale to swim through .
1	the weight of water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
1	the two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
0	while the glass slipper doesn't quite fit , pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
1	as [the characters] get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
1	maybe you'll be lucky , and there'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
0	uma pena que , mais tarde , o prprio filme abandone o tom de pardia e passe a utilizar os mesmos clichs que havia satirizado .
1	we've liked klein's other work but rollerball left us cold .
1	it's super- violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
1	what's the most positive thing that can be said about the new rob schneider vehicle ? well , it's not as pathetic as the animal .
0	stanley kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
1	its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
0	engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
1	kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
0	huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
0	turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a 'very sneaky' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing/reappearing acts
0	it's sweet . it's funny . it wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy hawaiian shirt . and , thanks to the presence of 'the king , ' it also rocks .
1	you'll just have your head in your hands wondering why lee's character didn't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
1	rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a hubert selby jr . , but there isn't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
1	just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence . . . lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
1	manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
1	fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . and forget about any attempt at a plot !
0	a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
0	ice cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance . . .
0	the chateau belongs to rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting french malapropisms . . . is a nonstop hoot .
0	in the affable maid in manhattan , jennifer lopez's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly a-list players .
1	the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds .
0	fans of critics' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .
1	the intent is almost exactly the same [as the full monty] . all that's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
0	it was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of bullock bubble and hugh goo .
1	how much you are moved by the emotional tumult of [franois and michle's] relationship depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them .
1	the result is an 'action film' mired in stasis .
0	compellingly watchable .
0	so purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it's a fairly straightforward remake of hollywood comedies such as father of the bride .
1	in the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about kennedy's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
0	i don't think most of the people who loved the 1989 paradiso will prefer this new version . but i do .
0	starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end . it's still worth a look .
1	the idea of 49-year-old roberto benigni playing the wooden boy pinocchio is scary enough . the reality of the new live-action pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
1	. . . an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
0	what bloody sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
0	a savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in america's culture of fear .
0	the movie sticks much closer to hornby's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of high fidelity did .
0	if you're a fan of the series you'll love it and probably want to see it twice . i will be .
0	as bundy , michael reilly burke ( octopus 2 : river of fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
0	instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
1	it's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
0	like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
1	shame on writer/director vicente aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
0	there are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers don't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
0	sandra nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed martha as her heart begins to open .
0	a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
0	with wit and empathy to spare , waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters' striving solipsism .
0	the bourne identity shouldn't be half as entertaining as it is , but director doug liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
1	the film's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .
1	the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
0	will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
0	full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
0	its maker , steven spielberg , hasn't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping indiana jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
1	if you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
1	the soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
1	i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's .
1	tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
0	heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on petter nss' delicate , clever direction . . . and a wonderful , imaginative script by axel hellstenius .
1	just because it really happened to you , honey , doesn't mean that it's interesting to anyone else .
0	the wonder of mostly martha is the performance of gedeck , who makes martha enormously endearing .
1	in the spirit of the season , i assign one bright shining star to roberto benigni's pinocchio -- but i guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
0	shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
1	the film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
1	the stories here suffer from the chosen format .
1	a pretentious mess .
1	for all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only caine making much of an impression .
1	credit must be given to harland williams , michael rosenbaum and barry watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
1	too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
1	what started out as a taut contest of wills between bacon and theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
1	it's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
1	as a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . it never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . it labours as storytelling .
0	uplifting , funny and wise .
1	watching austin powers in goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . it's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
1	what could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in steven soderbergh's traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
1	harry potter and the chamber of secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate . it's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you'll likely think of this one .
0	films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . seen in that light , moonlight mile should strike a nerve in many .
1	the lousy john q all but spits out denzel washington's fine performance in the title role .
0	a fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichs and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
1	what a great shame that such a talented director as chen kaige has chosen to make his english-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
1	this story of unrequited love doesn't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
0	there's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
0	jackson is always watchable .
1	feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
0	a genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
1	the 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
0	the film doesn't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
0	a charming but slight comedy .
0	lasker's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as byron and luther . . . realize they can't get no satisfaction without the latter .
1	nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichs and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
1	much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome clich .
1	although sensitive to a fault , it's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
1	the film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based 'drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves blue crush waterlogged .
1	it might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the saturday morning cartoons  a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
0	poetic , heartbreaking .
0	the power of shanghai ghetto , a documentary by dana janklowicz-mann and amir mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
0	for a debut film , skin of man , heart of beast feels unusually assured .
1	it never rises to its clever what-if concept .
0	what might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
1	just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . or a profit . or some damn thing .
0	an enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable italian comedy big deal on madonna street .
0	cube's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .
1	directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
1	an exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
1	the inevitable double- and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how john malkovich's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .
0	claude miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
1	pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
1	instead of contriving a climactic hero's death for the beloved-major- character-who-shall- remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
1	has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
0	hayek is stunning as frida and . . . a star-making project .
0	moore's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a david and goliath story that's still very much playing itself out .
1	barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
1	you can practically hear george orwell turning over .
1	perhaps the most annoying thing about who is cletis tout ? is that it's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
0	gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
1	while the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible anne rice novel it's based upon , queen of the damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
1	too much power , not enough puff .
0	otto-sallies has a real filmmaker's eye .
1	should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
1	the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch .
1	it's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out 'amateur' in almost every frame .
0	workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
1	an instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
0	holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
1	this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
0	this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
1	the plan to make enough into an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a souffl gone wrong .
1	what was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
1	'how many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
0	by the end of the movie , you're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
0	a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .
0	the film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
0	an experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
0	a funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a british cast to rival gosford park's .
1	the film's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that tornatore was right to cut .
1	too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
0	it's fascinating to see how bettany and mcdowell play off each other .
0	it's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
0	art-house to the core , read my lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old french cinema .
1	fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of the matrix .
1	in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
0	escapism in its purest form .
0	morton is , as usual , brilliant .
1	handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .
0	an escapist confection that's pure entertainment .
1	. . . a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
0	while the story's undeniably hard to follow , iwai's gorgeous visuals seduce .
0	it's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
0	a giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of oscar-winners : susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
1	this rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film knows how to please a crowd , and that's about all it does well .
0	. . . begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
0	it dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
0	the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
0	a must see for all sides of the political spectrum
0	at once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
0	this is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
0	a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
0	neatly constructed thriller .
0	the culmination of everyone's efforts is given life when a selection appears in its final form [in " last dance " ] .
0	hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
0	douglas mcgrath's nicholas nickleby does dickens as it should be done cinematically .
0	familiar but utterly delightful .
1	this would-be 'james bond for the extreme generation' pic is one big , dumb action movie . stress 'dumb . '
0	the film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . it has fun being grown up .
0	this time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
1	oedekerk wrote patch adams , for which he should not be forgiven . why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
1	this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
0	children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
1	it's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
1	i've had more interesting -- and , dare i say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
1	perry's good and his is an interesting character , but " serving sara " hasn't much more to serve than silly fluff . nor is it a romantic comedy .
1	is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
1	fans of so-bad-they're-good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .
1	taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
1	the trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
0	a very pretty after-school special . it's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
0	smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off- broadway play .
1	the mothman prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
1	the emperor's club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but . . .
1	a film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . it's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
0	a macabre and very stylized swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
0	the result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
1	as saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
0	the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
0	a yarn that respects the marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
1	slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
0	the heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
1	has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
1	potty-mouthed enough for pg-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as south park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
1	one thing is for sure : this movie does not tell you a whole lot about lily chou-chou .
0	a straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they've rarely been given .
1	is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
1	with jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . he fails .
1	not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since the bad news bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .
1	nicolas cage isn't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie won't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
1	a bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance . . .
1	i've heard that the fans of the first men in black have come away hating the second one . i wonder why . they felt like the same movie to me .
1	resident evil is what comes from taking john carpenter's ghosts of mars and eliminating the beheadings . in other words , about as bad a film you're likely to see all year .
1	fear permeates the whole of stortelling , todd solondz' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
1	even as i valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , i could feel my eyelids . . . getting . . . very . . . heavy . . .
1	benigni presents himself as the boy puppet pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and american breckin meyer's ridiculously inappropriate valley boy voice .
1	too clumsy in key moments . . . to make a big splash .
1	( it ) highlights not so much the crime lord's messianic bent , but spacey's .
0	it's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
1	a clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against . . . well , just stuff . watching scarlet diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
1	'yes , that's right : it's forrest gump , angel of death . '
1	winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
0	sam jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man's ruin may be another's fortune .
1	screenwriter dan schneider and director shawn levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
1	kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
0	not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
1	bogs down badly as we absorb jia's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
0	director kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier english-language movie , the overpraised elizabeth .
0	a heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
0	there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
0	if it's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then sl2 does just that .
1	. . . although this idea is " new " the results are tired .
1	there are touching moments in etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
1	the problem with the mayhem in formula 51 is not that it's offensive , but that it's boring .
0	'film aficionados cannot help but love cinema paradiso , whether the original version or new director's cut . '
0	one of recent memory's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
0	the entire cast is extraordinarily good .
0	a solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
0	a lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
0	manages to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
1	the film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
1	did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
1	only for young children , if them . their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
1	less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
1	it all feels like a monty python sketch gone horribly wrong .
0	the quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
1	a little weak -- and it isn't that funny .
0	you don't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate scratch , and that's the mark of a documentary that works .
0	a flawed but engrossing thriller .
1	on a cutting room floor somewhere lies . . . footage that might have made no such thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
0	. . . plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
1	wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
0	a delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by michael gondry .
0	steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate manhattan denizens--especially the a * * holes .
1	give shapiro , goldman , and bolado credit for good intentions , but there's nothing here that they couldn't have done in half an hour .
0	i have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws igby goes down may possess , it is undeniably that .
1	some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
1	no reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously didn't invest much into itself either .
0	byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
0	left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of charlotte's web of desire and desperation .
1	i liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it's too long and it goes nowhere .
1	there's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . this is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
0	it is ok for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
0	captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
1	i can take infantile humor . . . but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer's diapers .
1	with the exception of mccoist , the players don't have a clue on the park . the acting isn't much better .
1	silly , loud and goofy .
0	it's more enjoyable than i expected , though , and that's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . cinematic pratfalls given a working over . the cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
1	serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .
0	. . . is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
0	the gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of chris fuhrman's posthumously published cult novel .
1	it's also clear from the start that the transporter is running purely on adrenaline , and once the initial high wears off , the film's shortcomings start to shine through .
0	windtalkers blows this way and that , but there's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
1	this is a film living far too much in its own head .
0	consummate actor barry has done excellent work here .
1	perhaps even the slc high command found writer-director mitch davis's wall of kitsch hard going .
0	intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
1	parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone . . . that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story's core .
1	slap her - she's not funny ! no french people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
0	an engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
1	circuit queens won't learn a thing , they'll be too busy cursing the film's strategically placed white sheets .
0	the saturation bombing of reggio's images and glass' evocative music . . . ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
0	a fine film , but it would be a lot better if it stuck to betty fisher and left out the other stories .
0	pretty good little movie .
1	the script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
0	the story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
1	i'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
0	changing lanes is an anomaly for a hollywood movie ; it's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
0	yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack . . . and his chemistry with shimizu is very believable .
0	a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
0	like a veteran head cutter , barbershop is tuned in to its community .
1	a surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
1	bad in such a bizarre way that it's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .
1	the respective charms of sandra bullock and hugh grant have worn threadbare .
0	a powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
0	overall , cletis tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
1	sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
0	in between all the emotional seesawing , it's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . but they fascinate in their recklessness .
1	" the kid stays in the picture " is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this cliff notes edition is a cheat .
0	this is pure , exciting moviemaking . you won't exactly know what's happening but you'll be blissfully exhausted .
1	there's nothing exactly wrong here , but there's not nearly enough that's right .
1	this sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . he's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
0	this is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
1	it tells more than it shows .
0	subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , the piano teacher is a daring work of genius .
1	matthew mcconaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
1	too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
1	this is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed james bond into the mindless xxx mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
0	if the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : you want the story to go on and on .
0	hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
1	to be influenced chiefly by humanity's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for god's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
1	swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
1	only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
0	the most consistently funny of the austin powers films .
0	showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
1	its and pieces of the hot chick are so hilarious , and schneider's performance is so fine , it's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in the animal -- is a slapdash mess .
0	fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
0	. . . somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichs to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
1	the sweetest thing leaves a bitter taste .
0	it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
0	this engrossing , characteristically complex tom clancy thriller is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
1	knockaround guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be quentin tarantino when they grow up . but they lack their idol's energy and passion for detail .
1	follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
1	don't waste your money .
0	its sheer dynamism is infectious .
1	when the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you're in trouble .
0	there has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . i believe the message is in the messenger : the agent is a woman .
0	you wouldn't call the good girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it's good , it's good and horrid .
1	if you believe any of this , i can make you a real deal on leftover enron stock that will double in value a week from friday .
1	will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts . . .
0	infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by diane lane .
1	harrison's flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
0	try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of kaufman's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
1	i haven't seen such self-amused trash since freddy got fingered .
1	this overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . hmmmmight i suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
1	you're better off staying home and watching the x-files .
0	twist open the ouzo ! it's time to let your hair down  greek style . a vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , my big fat greek wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
0	grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
1	a noble failure .
1	in its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of grease , without benefit of song .
0	whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of steve irwin are priceless entertainment .
1	in the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , the emperor's club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
1	disjointed parody .
1	the movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
0	adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
0	veterans of the dating wars will smirk uneasily at the film's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures .
0	meyjes . . . has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of nazi politics and aesthetics .
1	alex nohe's documentary plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget nc-17 version of tank girl .
0	this examination of aquatic life off the shores of the baja california peninsula of mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the imax format .
1	hardly makes the kind of points egoyan wanted to make , nor does it exist as the kind of monument he wanted to build , to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world .
1	there's more scatological action in 8 crazy nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
0	the obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
0	despite the film's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
1	. . . in the pile of useless actioners from mtv schmucks who don't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
0	it's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it's brilliant .
0	it's a cool event for the whole family . maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
1	disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
0	a vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
1	first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
1	overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
0	a very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
0	for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
1	finally coming down off of miramax's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , waking up in reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
0	unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
1	another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
1	a movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious charlie kaufman might object to .
0	a beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
0	the film's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
0	[a] rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .
1	[allen's] been making piffle for a long while , and hollywood ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
1	such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
0	[jeff's] gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by neil finn and edmund mcwilliams's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
0	it excels because , unlike so many other hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
0	together [time out and human resources] establish mr . cantet as france's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
1	the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
0	devotees of star trek ii : the wrath of khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best next generation episodes is lacking .
1	the movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
0	visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably mexican and burns its kahlories with conviction .
1	it's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
0	it's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
0	the film's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .
1	the movie's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
1	it's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
0	the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal .
0	an impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
1	it's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
1	for the most part , i spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of murphy's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
0	if you grew up on scooby -- you'll love this movie . matthew lillard is born to play shaggy !
0	flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
1	a long-winded , predictable scenario .
0	there's not much more to this adaptation of the nick hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
1	amidst the action , the script carries arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the " other side of the story . "
0	bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
1	the story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
0	the experience of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
1	this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
0	rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid . . .
1	a movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
1	doesn't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past seagal films .
1	it's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it doesn't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
0	what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than " bladerunner " and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
1	though catch me if you can isn't badly made , the fun slowly leaks out of the movie .
1	expanded to 65 minutes for theatrical release , it still feels somewhat unfinished .
1	though moonlight mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
1	the entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .
1	a disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
1	one of these days hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
0	a cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .
0	open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream -- will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
1	dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but costner , flailing away . it's a buggy drag .
0	smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
1	never quite transcends jokester status . . . and the punchline doesn't live up to barry's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
0	pratfalls aside , barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
0	in addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- lilo & stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
0	a simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
1	who needs love like this ?
1	if this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called the hills have antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
1	should have gone straight to video . it looks like an action movie , but it's so poorly made , on all levels , that it doesn't even qualify as a spoof of such .
0	a charming , quirky and leisurely paced scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from monty python's meaning of life .
0	literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
0	the wild thornberrys movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
0	a headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox jews on the west bank , joseph cedar's time of favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
0	cq's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best european directors .
1	it's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
1	a decidedly mixed bag .
0	a solid , psychological action film from hong kong .
0	a worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
0	surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and i shamelessly enjoyed it .
1	mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
1	it's a movie that ends with truckzilla , for cryin' out loud . if that doesn't clue you in that something's horribly wrong , nothing will .
1	extreme oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it's still a mistake to go see it .
0	ruzowitzky has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
0	it's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that's been given the drive of a narrative and that's been acted out -- the believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
0	there has always been something likable about the marquis de sade .
1	. . . standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
0	can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
0	the trials of henry kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking  because you get it .
0	a superlative b movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
1	in addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , ballistic : ecks vs . sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
0	fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
0	denis forges out of the theories of class- based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .
0	steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it's so clever you want to hate it . but he somehow pulls it off .
0	red dragon " never cuts corners .
0	the level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we've long associated with washington the actor .
0	like rudy yellow lodge , eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
0	the movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
1	like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .
1	less-than-compelling documentary of a yiddish theater clan .
1	the central character isn't complex enough to hold our interest .
0	a blessed gift to film geeks and historians . if the '70's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
1	it has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
0	nicole kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that birthday girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
1	pure of intention and passably diverting , his secret life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
1	it treats women like idiots .
0	never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
0	this is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it's necessary .
1	witless and utterly pointless .
1	it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
1	there's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
0	its direction , its script , and weaver's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that's what you're in the mood for .
0	canadian filmmaker gary burns' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
0	lead actress ga , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
0	sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
0	berry's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making " die another day " one of the most entertaining bonds in years
0	diggs and lathan are among the chief reasons brown sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
1	it wraps up a classic mother/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it's not all new , at least it looks pretty .
0	on the heels of the ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
0	inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
0	funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director george hickenlooper all takes place in pasadena , " a city where people still read . "
0	an original little film about one young woman's education .
1	as is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , mr . murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
0	. . . a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of mamet .
1	the biggest problem i have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
0	if there's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , i think it's in projects like the ( unfortunately r-rated ) paid .
0	director nalin pan doesn't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . he simply presents his point of view that ayurveda works . no question .
1	sucking all the 'classic' out of robert louis stevenson's treasure island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and disney-fied adolescent angst . . .
1	a monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
0	in xxx , diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
0	a movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of cho's fans .
1	somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .
0	[fessenden] is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
0	the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting .
0	bon apptit ! just like a splendid meal , red dragon satisfies  from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
1	moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
1	the x potion gives the quickly named blossom , bubbles and buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately don't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
0	kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
1	you can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . thumbs down .
1	enchanted with low-life tragedy and liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts . . . what is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with cage's best acting .
0	confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . acting cannot be acted .
1	exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
0	an impeccable study in perversity .
0	definitely funny stuff , but it's more of the 'laughing at' variety than the 'laughing with . '
1	'men in black ii creates a new threat for the mib , but recycles the same premise .
1	its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
1	the so-inept- it's-surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of glenn close , regis philbin and breckin meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old godzilla flicks .
1	without september 11 , collateral damage would have been just another bad movie . now it's a bad , embarrassing movie .
0	brilliantly explores the conflict between following one's heart and following the demands of tradition .
1	from the opening scenes , it's clear that all about the benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
1	with more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man's monster movie .
0	take care of my cat offers a refreshingly different slice of asian cinema .
0	the quiet american isn't a bad film , it's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
0	the strength of the film lies in its two central performances by sven wollter as the stricken composer and viveka seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
0	some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since " saving private ryan " have been recreated by john woo in this little-known story of native americans and their role in the second great war .
1	this 90-minute dud could pass for mike tyson's e ! true hollywood story .
0	sly , sophisticated and surprising .
1	the new faces are interesting , but the old story isn't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted .
1	it's drab . it's uninteresting . it squanders chan's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander jennifer love hewitt !
0	with its hint of an awkward hitchcockian theme in tact , harmon's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
0	while not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the national lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
0	passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly . . .
0	charlotte sometimes is a gem . it's always enthralling .
1	further sad evidence that tom tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning run lola run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
1	a thoroughly awful movie--dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy . . . a weird amalgam of 'the thing' and a geriatric 'scream . '
1	a woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite iwai's vaunted empathy .
0	while the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course . . . director john schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
0	gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .
0	i don't know precisely what to make of steven soderbergh's full frontal , though that didn't stop me from enjoying much of it .
1	too often , the viewer isn't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
1	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither .
1	ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .
1	simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair susan sarandon and goldie hawn .
1	one of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
1	how about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
0	the kind of primal storytelling that george lucas can only dream of .
0	" birthday girl " is an actor's movie first and foremost .
0	. . . a guiltless film for nice evening out .
0	there's a spontaneity to the chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
0	<em>ash wednesday</em> is not edward burns' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . and it marks him as one of the most interesting writer/directors working today .
1	simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy .
1	instead of panoramic sweep , kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story's emotional thrust .
0	like all of egoyan's work , ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
0	a colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
0	affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
0	i won't argue with anyone who calls 'slackers' dumb , insulting , or childish . . . but i laughed so much that i didn't mind .
0	seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
0	the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
1	i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
0	jagger , stoppard and director michael apted . . . deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
0	satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
1	puportedly " based on true events , " a convolution of language that suggests it's impossible to claim that it is " based on a true story " with a straight face .
1	schnitzler's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .
0	there is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
0	the modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals . it's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
1	if h . g . wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin's reworked version , what would he say ? 'it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '
1	lazily directed by charles stone iii . . . from a leaden script by matthew cirulnick and novelist thulani davis .
1	once the audience figure out what's being said , the filmmaker's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
1	from beginning to end , this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
1	it all starts to smack of a hallmark hall of fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
1	throw smoochy from the train !
0	" me without you " is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
1	how can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? in truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
1	weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
0	it says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
0	it's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that hollywood too rarely provides .
0	a coming-of-age movie that hollywood wouldn't have the guts to make .
0	zhang . . . has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
1	the director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . the results are far more alienating than involving .
1	with its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , the ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . it's painful .
1	what the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
1	no such thing is sort of a minimalist beauty and the beast , but in this case the beast should definitely get top billing . robert john burke as the monster horns in and steals the show .
1	plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
0	a refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary american film . search it out .
0	a literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit won't be disappointed .
0	vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
0	while it's nothing we haven't seen before from murphy , i spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it's more than a worthwhile effort .
1	it's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that's often written off as indie film naturalism .
0	return to never land is reliable , standard disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
0	the more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
1	god is great , the movie's not .
0	jeffrey tambor's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is oscar-worthy .
0	there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
0	what makes it worth watching is quaid's performance .
1	thriller directorial debut for traffic scribe gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces don't quite fit together .
0	a masterpiece four years in the making .
0	[an] hilarious romantic comedy .
0	the far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
1	the big-screen scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
1	a farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it isn't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
0	rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film's short 90 minutes .
0	just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
1	too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
1	the only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
0	who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ?
0	deflated ending aside , there's much to recommend the film .
1	coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars hugh grant and sandra bullock .
1	propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
1	if there's one thing this world needs less of , it's movies about college that are written and directed by people who couldn't pass an entrance exam .
1	one long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff yuen has given us before .
0	[taymor] utilizes the idea of making kahlo's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work . this isn't a new idea . it's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
1	there's nothing to gain from watching they . it isn't scary . it hates its characters . it finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
1	the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon . . . is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
0	fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
0	standing by yourself is haunting . . . [it's] what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
1	not once in the rush to save the day did i become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of 'eh . '
0	as the movie traces mr . brown's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
1	a film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
1	tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
1	american chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an indian-american would recognize . and the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
1	adam sandler's eight crazy nights grows on you -- like a rash .
0	george clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
1	strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and b-film thuggery .
1	credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
0	this film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
1	like a soft drink that's been sitting open too long : it's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
0	with notorious c . h . o . cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with pryor , carlin and murphy .
1	scotland , pa . is a strangely drab romp . some studio pizazz might have helped .
1	writer/director john mckay ignites some charming chemistry between kate and jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it's disastrous and kate's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
0	broomfield is energized by volletta wallace's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
1	while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
0	what sets ms . birot's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
0	the audacity to view one of shakespeare's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
0	just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
0	mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , group articulates a flood of emotion .
0	presents an astute appraisal of middle american musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
1	with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
1	none of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
0	the film is insightful about kissinger's background and history .
0	brosnan is more feral in this film than i've seen him before and halle berry does her best to keep up with him .
1	it's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
1	feels at times like a giant commercial for universal studios , where much of the action takes place .
1	if the full monty was a freshman fluke , lucky break is [cattaneo] sophomore slump .
1	you'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous [than leon] .
0	a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
0	what the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
1	meandering , sub-aquatic mess : it's so bad it's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
0	even if you don't think [kissinger's] any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
0	a refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
1	an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
1	couldn't someone take rob schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
1	too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging . . . the isle defies an easy categorization .
1	spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
1	the story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
0	a must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
0	just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
0	the movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
0	it is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
1	the problem with all of this : it's not really funny .
0	with a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , lovely & amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
1	it jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding mtier .
1	. . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
0	it's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost dadaist proportions .
0	a knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite son of the bride .
1	if you're a wwf fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in a . i . , you'll probably like rollerball .
0	jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth can't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
0	a respectable venture on its own terms , lacking the broader vision that has seen certain trek films . . . cross over to a more mainstream audience .
1	i was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither .
0	a fun ride .
0	adaptation is simply brilliant .
0	much of the movie's charm lies in the utter cuteness of stuart and margolo . their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
0	" the turntable is now outselling the electric guitar . . . "
0	jarecki and gibney do find enough material to bring kissinger's record into question and explain how the diplomat's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives .
1	sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
0	a tremendous piece of work .
0	a frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it's a tougher picture than it is .
0	it's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
1	mostly , shafer and co-writer gregory hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
0	sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . and in this regard , on guard delivers .
1	visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .
1	even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , sorority boys is a bowser .
1	made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
1	this piece of channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
1	the picture doesn't know it's a comedy .
1	perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that isn't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
1	after the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
0	. . . if you're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
1	while it's nice to watch a movie that hasn't been focus-grouped into tedium , yu's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
1	one gets the impression the creators of don't ask don't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . too bad none of it is funny .
0	'frailty " starts out like a typical bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
0	even through its flaws , revolution #9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
0	both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , what time is it there ? may prove to be [tsai's] masterpiece .
1	the pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . and diesel isn't the actor to save it .
0	sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now . . . and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
1	the hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
1	make like the title and dodge this one .
0	by no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
0	berling and bart . . . continue to impress , and isabelle huppert . . . again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
0	by the end of no such thing the audience , like beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
1	it won't harm anyone , but neither can i think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it . after all , it'll probably be in video stores by christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
1	like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in the twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
1	below is well below expectations .
1	in the end , tuck everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
0	a highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
1	the film wasn't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .
1	once one experiences mr . haneke's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one's mouth , and little else .
1	corpus collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
1	typical anim , with cheapo animation ( like saturday morning tv in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and japanese names .
0	every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you're on the edge of your seat .
1	it is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie . . . but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made eurotrash cult object . it is also , at times , curiously moving .
0	strange and beautiful film .
1	a bit too eager to please .
1	i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
0	there are problems with this film that even 3 oscar winners can't overcome , but it's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .
0	for almost the first two-thirds of martin scorsese's 168-minute gangs of new york , i was entranced .
1	a standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for de niro's participation , would have likely wound up a tnt original .
1	tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool .
0	one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
1	if this is cinema , i pledge allegiance to cagney and lacey .
1	it's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
1	the ending is a cop-out . what happens to john q ? i don't have an i am sam clue .
1	when in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . or else a doggie winks .
1	an unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .
0	mais um momento inspirado de david fincher .
1	unfortunately , contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and woo's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie's heart .
0	a movie of riveting power and sadness .
1	feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
1	it takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as 'worse than expected , ' but ghost ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
1	weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
0	a gentle and engrossing character study .
0	malcolm mcdowell is cool . paul bettany is cool . paul bettany playing malcolm mcdowell ? cool .
1	howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you'd swear he just stepped out of a buuel retrospective .
1	writer-director stephen gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the english call 'too clever by half . '
0	works as pretty contagious fun .
0	it's quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
0	this is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences . . . and it's all the stronger because of it .
0	to get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of dr . freud .
0	schtte's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
0	the action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the star wars series .
0	the best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and bertrand tavernier's oft-brilliant safe conduct ( " laissez-passer " ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
1	[denis'] bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
1	cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed .
0	very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
0	that death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world's religions . this deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
0	elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
0	both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
0	without [de niro] , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed .
1	as an entertainment destination for the general public , kung pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
1	the affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to demme's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled hollywood post-production effects .
1	so unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
0	the sword fighting is well done and auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
1	rather than real figures , elling and kjell bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naf's encounter with the world .
1	dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
1	a mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read the catcher in the rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
0	neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest attal and gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
1	an often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
0	a fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
1	bean drops the ball too many times . . . hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
0	barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
0	an entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
1	predictably melodramatic .
0	this often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
1	no worse than a lot of the crap we've been offered this summer , and slightly better than men in black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go .
1	by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please !
1	an alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom . . . you'd be wise to send your regrets .
0	maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
0	[barry] gives assassin a disquieting authority .
1	despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , the man who wrote rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
1	the film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it's insanely violent and very graphic .
0	a sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
1	the movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
0	fast and funny , an action cartoon that's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
1	collapses under its own meager weight .
0	beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
1	offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
0	schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch british actor who did not appear in gosford park ( as well as one , ms . mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
0	it's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
0	occasionally melodramatic , it's also extremely effective .
0	despite its flaws . . . belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
0	shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes .
0	an intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
1	with all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen . . . his secret life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
0	one of the best of a growing strain of daring films . . . that argue that any sexual relationship that doesn't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
1	as an actor's showcase , hart's war has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed willis is not the most impressive player . as a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by billy ray and terry george leaves something to be desired .
1	content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
1	i have no problem with " difficult " movies , or movies that ask the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out . but first , you have to give the audience a reason to <b>want</b> to put for that effort , and " i
0	chilling but uncommercial look into the mind of jeffrey dahmer , serial killer .
1	a baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside danish cows falls flat , and if you're going to alter the bard's ending , you'd better have a good alternative .
1	. . . tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i don't know what she's doing in here . . .
0	a reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
1	the film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it isn't exactly kiddie-friendly alas , santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
0	the format gets used best . . . to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and bmx riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
1	what [frei] gives us . . . is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
1	choppy , overlong documentary about 'the lifestyle . '
1	what little grace [rifkin's] tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
0	that rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
0	" . . . something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . the importance of being earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . "
0	even though it's common knowledge that park and his founding partner , yong kang , lost kozmo in the end , you can't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company's astonishing growth .
1	ethan hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the beatnik generation and it's all over his chelsea walls .
1	a tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
1	this long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
0	. . . a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs  sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
1	the film was produced by jerry bruckheimer and directed by joel schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
1	long before it's over , you'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
1	sweet home alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .
0	takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
1	when a movie asks you to feel sorry for mick jagger's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
1	the film has a childlike quality about it . but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
0	although shot with little style , skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
0	shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
0	it's rare to find a film to which the adjective 'gentle' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
0	a heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
0	for all the dolorous trim , secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers' sporadic dips into pop freudianism .
0	never once predictable .
1	although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
0	a wildly entertaining scan of evans' career .
0	the story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
0	on its own , big trouble could be considered a funny little film .
0	a smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
1	the concept behind kung pow : enter the fist is hilarious . it's too bad nothing else is .
1	the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
0	a must for fans of british cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
0	when the movie mixes the cornpone and the cosa nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
0	gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
0	as a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , spirit : stallion of the cimarron is a winner .
0	a real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
1	a bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
0	i encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale's tale -- you won't be sorry !
0	a bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
0	maybe thomas wolfe was right : you can't go home again .
0	as it turns out , you can go home again .
0	i had more fun watching spy than i had with most of the big summer movies .
0	[a] rare , beautiful film .
0	you emerge dazed , confused as to whether you've seen pornography or documentary .
0	so young , so smart , such talent , such a wise * * * .
1	swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress andie macdowell .
1	hey arnold ! the movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
1	the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture can't quite conceal that there's nothing resembling a spine here .
1	i can analyze this movie in three words : thumbs friggin' down .
0	campbell scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of roger swanson .
1	the story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
1	the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
0	while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls can't swim .
0	it's not particularly subtle . . . however , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .
0	disturbing and brilliant documentary .
0	beneath clouds is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from rabbit-proof fence .
0	a pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
1	the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi .
0	. . . is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? you bet there is and it's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
1	was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
1	might have been better off as a documentary , with less of mr . eyre's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
0	ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
1	the film is like sitting in a downtown caf , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
1	characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
1	the essential problem in orange county is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
1	basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
1	the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
1	this is the first film i've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .
0	one of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
0	what saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is corcuera's attention to detail .
0	if this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you can't wait to see what happens next .
0	. . . brian de palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . it's a beautiful madness .
0	hilarious , acidic brit comedy .
1	too slow , too long and too little happens .
1	'es en verdad una pena que mandoki est realizando cintas tan malas desde hace algn tiempo , pues talento tiene , pero quin sabe dnde lo tiene escondido . '
1	alarms for duvall's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
1	while the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour tv documentary .
1	plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
0	the film grows on you . and how .
0	the socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides . . . [and] personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
0	trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .
0	a chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
1	boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
0	drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
0	often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it's very much like life itself .
1	moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
1	. . . routine , harmless diversion and little else .
1	[davis] has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
0	romanek keeps the film constantly taut . . . reflecting the character's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
1	an imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
0	the story may not be new , but australian director john polson , making his american feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
0	this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
1	director brian levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you'll find on a french poodle .
1	festers in just such a dungpile that you'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
1	a big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
1	the movie is gorgeously made , but it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious .
1	the movie isn't painfully bad , something to be 'fully experienced' ; it's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
0	a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .
1	frankly , it's pretty stupid . i had more fun with ben stiller's zoolander , which i thought was rather clever . but there's plenty to offend everyone . . .
0	like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it's one tough rock .
0	shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
1	i don't think this movie loves women at all .
1	the movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . what's worse is that pelosi knows it .
0	it's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .
0	continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
0	a conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in ireland over a man's right to raise his own children .
1	viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for holm's performance , the film would be a total washout .
0	chicago pode at ser um filme divertido e cativante ( como  ) , mas acaba representando um passo que vai na direo contrria  evoluo dos musicais .
1	sweet gentle jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
0	if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii .
1	unfortunately , one hour photo lives down to its title . thanks largely to williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
1	must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
0	the movie's eventual success should be credited to dennis quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
0	if this movie leaves you cool , it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
0	this is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
1	if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
0	with the film's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
1	after the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichs , depression and bad alternative music .
1	neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment . still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
0	whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . if horses could fly , this is surely what they'd look like .
1	the pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie's final scenes .
0	a life-size reenactment of those jack chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .
1	for those for whom the name woody allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , hollywood ending is a depressing experience
1	flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
1	the movie is dawn of the dead crossed with john carpenter's ghosts of mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
0	a classy , sprightly spin on film .
0	this movie has the usual impossible stunts . . . but it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
0	whether or not ram dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , fierce grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
0	to the degree that ivans xtc . works , it's thanks to huston's revelatory performance .
0	the gorgeously elaborate continuation of " the lord of the rings " trilogy is so huge that a column of words cannot adequately describe co-writer/director peter jackson's expanded vision of j . r . r . tolkien's middle-earth .
0	think of it as gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
1	" the tuxedo " should have been the vehicle for chan that " the mask " was for jim carrey . alas , it's the man that makes the clothes .
1	even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation cannot engage .
1	if you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you're far better served by the source material .
0	the magic ( and original running time ) of ace japanimator hayao miyazaki's spirited away survives intact in bv's re-voiced version .
0	[d]espite its familiar subject matter , ice age is consistently amusing and engrossing . . .
1	. . . the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
0	the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman's point-of-view .
0	the locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . the story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
0	a rip-roaring comedy action fest that'll put hairs on your chest .
0	a film of quiet power .
0	the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
1	watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
1	uncommonly stylish but equally silly . . . the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
1	blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but ahola is simply not an actor . and in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes arnold schwarzenegger look like spencer tracy .
0	constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
1	. . . plays like somebody spliced random moments of a chris rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
1	for close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
1	the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
1	for all of the contemporary post-colonialist consciousness that kapur tries to bring to the four feathers , the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
0	sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
1	why spend $9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
1	it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
1	an empty , purposeless exercise .
0	steve irwin's method is ernest hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
0	arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
1	glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
1	the tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
1	the entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
1	it kinda works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others .
1	a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
1	scooby dooby doo / and shaggy too / you both look and sound great . / but daphne , you're too buff / fred thinks he's tough / and velma - wow , you've lost weight !
1	an annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
1	. . . has about 3/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor  but it's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake- of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
1	the cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
0	griffin & co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
0	watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
0	it's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it's entertaining enough and worth a look .
1	though excessively tiresome , the uncertainty principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
0	everything about the quiet american is good , except its timing .
0	enjoy it for what it is ; you can hate yourself later .
0	although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
1	the characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue cia assassins working for chris cooper's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we don't feel much for damon/bourne or his predicament .
1	not every animated film from disney will become a classic , but forgive me if i've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school " cartoon " .
0	the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you won't miss its messages , but you'll be entertained as well .
0	the woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made allen's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
1	painfully padded .
0	a tender , heartfelt family drama .
0	rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
0	surprisingly powerful and universal .
1	unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
1	most of the problems with the film don't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
1	for all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film the sum of all fears , starring ben affleck , seem downright hitchcockian .
1	teen movies have really hit the skids .
1	van wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
0	this amiable picture talks tough , but it's all bluster -- in the end it's as sweet as greenfingers . . .
1	a morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-tv look , rigid performances and an asinine 'twist' that brazenly rips off the sixth sense .
0	stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
1	in all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
1	eh .
0	even if you're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced monty pythonesque flavor .
1	to imagine the life of harry potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized woody allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is kung pow : enter the fist .
0	its story about a young chinese woman , ah na , who has come to new york city to replace past tragedy with the american dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
1	no amount of good acting is enough to save oleander's uninspired story .
0	lookin' for sin , american-style ? try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
1	i suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the dvd .
0	could i have been more geeked when i heard that apollo 13 was going to be released in imax format ? in a word : no .
1	amid the clich and foreshadowing , cage manages a degree of casual realism . . . that is routinely dynamited by blethyn .
1	not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
1	serving sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
1	[screenwriter] pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .
0	bubba ho-tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by bruce campbell that doesn't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
1	not a bad premise , but the execution is lackluster at best .
0	the script's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .
1	. . . the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
0	it shows us a slice of life that's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
1	watching " ending " is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor's garage sale . you can't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
0	the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it's an enjoyable one .
1	feels like one of those contrived , only-in -hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating oscar talk .
0	norton is magnetic as graham .
0	everytime you think undercover brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
0	a thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
1	the only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its labor day weekend upload , feardotcom should log a minimal number of hits .
0	the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
1	mr . deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
1	one senses in world traveler and in his earlier film that freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
0	it won't bust your gut -- and it's not intended to -- it's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
0	occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
0	the film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for gai's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other carmen before her .
1	one of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
0	a devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
0	the hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
0	a mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director's travel through 300 years of russian history .
0	an impressive debut for first-time writer-director mark romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
0	pray's film works well and will appeal even to those who aren't too familiar with turntablism .
0	if it's unnerving suspense you're after -- you'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
0	mostly martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it's a pleasurable trifle . the only pain you'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
1	sadly , 'garth' hasn't progressed as nicely as 'wayne . '
0	almost peerlessly unsettling .
1	the april 2002 instalment of the american war for independence , complete with loads of cgi and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
1	an uplifting , largely bogus story .
0	one of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
1	once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea isn't funny .
1	another rent installment for the ian fleming estate .
0	i'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
0	there are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
1	at a time when we've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , collateral damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
0	dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .
1	is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic hong kong action aesthetic ?
0	a loving little film of considerable appeal .
0	if villainous vampires are your cup of blood , blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
0	rare is the 'urban comedy' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
0	you just know something terrible is going to happen . but when it does , you're entirely unprepared .
1	not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
0	effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
0	thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
0	a film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
0	what's most striking about this largely celebratory film . . . is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an ikea world .
0	an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
0	though it never rises to its full potential as a film , still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
1	i admire it and yet cannot recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
1	fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
0	whether or not you're enlightened by any of derrida's lectures on " the other " and " the self , " derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
1	there are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .
1	just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .
1	there's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for egoyan , but it's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .
1	k-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy saving private ryanovich .
0	another one of those estrogen overdose movies like " divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , " except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
0	travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
0	the charm of revolution os is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
0	even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end . . . you almost don't notice the 129-minute running time .
1	there isn't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
0	there's not much to fatale , outside of its stylish surprises . . . but that's ok .
0	there's absolutely no reason why blue crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
0	ramsay and morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
0	the film is darkly atmospheric , with herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath hearst's forced avuncular chortles .
1	showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant " if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny " syndrome .
0	. . . a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
0	the film's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
1	were dylan thomas alive to witness first-time director ethan hawke's strained chelsea walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , 'do not go gentle into that good theatre . '
0	it's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
1	oscar caliber cast doesn't live up to material
1	avary's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis' book .
0	a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
0	a gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
1	a little too pat for its own good .
0	this new time machine is hardly perfect yet it proves surprisingly serviceable . even at its worst , it's not half-bad .
1	a sequel that's much too big for its britches .
0	steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
1	a prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
1	if there's a heaven for bad movies , deuces wild is on its way .
0	majidi's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
0	star wars is back in a major way .
0	a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
0	vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
1	the sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
0	whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of french cinema's master craftsmen .
1	poor ben bratt couldn't find stardom if mapquest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
1	more a gunfest than a rock concert .
0	this is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
1	begins as a promising meditation on one of america's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
1	while the film is competent , it's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
1	the camera whirls ! the camera twirls ! oh , look at that clever angle ! wow , a jump cut !
0	a quasi-documentary by french filmmaker karim dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of cuban music .
1	a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation .
1	it is so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible that it begs to be parodied .
0	over the years , hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and ice age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
0	the sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in imax dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
0	a compelling allegory about the last days of germany's democratic weimar republic .
1	best described as i know what you did last winter .
1	seriously , rent the disney version .
1	the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
1	so much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
0	like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
1	shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating patch adams , trots out every ghost trick from the sixth sense to the mothman prophecies .
1	it's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
0	it's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
0	surprisingly insightful
1	new best friend shouldn't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a mystery science theater 3000 video .
1	all the small moments and flashbacks don't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
1	. . . the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
0	this odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in morton's ever-watchful gaze -- and it's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
0	brings together some of the biggest names in japanese anime , with impressive results .
0	a stylish thriller .
1	the real question this movie poses is not 'who ? ' but 'why ? '
0	this slight premise . . . works because of the ideal casting of the masterful british actor ian holm as the aged napoleon .
1	is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? i don't think so . nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
1	astonishing isn't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is deuces wild .
1	a one-trick pony whose few t&a bits still can't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
0	so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
0	the film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it's in danger of going wrong .
1	the makers of mothman prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
1	each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
1	everything is pegged into the groove of a new york dating comedy with 'issues' to simplify .
1	both the crime story and the love story are unusual . but they don't fit well together and neither is well told .
1	the movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing i can say is that i can't remember a single name responsible for it .
1	it's not that kung pow isn't funny some of the time -- it just isn't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all oedekerk's impish augmentation .
1	this is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which wilson and murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
0	until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
1	despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
1	muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for kevin costner .
0	if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
1	we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
1	half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
0	a moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
1	one minute , you think you're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it's as though clips from the pink panther strikes again and/or sailor moon have been spliced in .
1	traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichs that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill .
0	what redeems the film is the cast , particularly the ya-yas themselves .
1	this insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . instead , it'll only put you to sleep .
1	shunji iwai's all about lily chou chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in japan .
1	outrageousness is all plympton seemed to be going for this time . we miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
0	the hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . the hours is what movies are supposed to be . . .
0	it's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of sarah and harrison .
1	for a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
0	unlike most surf movies , blue crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . by the end you can't help but feel 'stoked . '
1	this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
1	the world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like martin scorsese . but it doesn't need gangs of new york .
0	a shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
1	the problem with this film is that it's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
1	like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior . . . circuit gets drawn into the party .
0	it's a count for our times .
1	for its 100 minutes running time , you'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
0	a subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .
0	spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don' t know an orc from a uruk-hai .
1	would've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film's predictable denouement . then nadia's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
0	a generation x artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely cannot last .
0	a slick , skillful little horror film .
1	peralta's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
0	the immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary space station 3d .
0	the son of the bride's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also isn't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues . this movie is to be cherished .
1	its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like prophet jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
1	to call the other side of heaven " appalling " would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
1	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams writer/director/producer robert rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
0	an excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
0	what it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
0	'divertida , enternecedora , universal y profundamente sincera , es una de las mejores comedias romnticas en mucho tiempo . una verdadera delicia . '
1	a film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
0	for 95 often hilarious minutes , [cho] riffs on the diciness of colonics , on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outr sexual practice .
1	it just didn't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .
0	conceptually brilliant . . . plays like a living-room war of the worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
0	it's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other best picture contenders should be measured .
0	few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
0	disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .
0	about schmidt belongs to nicholson . gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . as schmidt , nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
1	this one is a few bits funnier than malle's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .
0	makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the kurdish refugees of iran's borderlands .
1	'linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project . . . '
1	kaufman's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
0	it's not the least of afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
1	doesn't amount to much of anything .
0	as improbable as this premise may seem , abbass's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
1	this movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
0	you won't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
1	it's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled 'the loud and the ludicrous' . . . the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
1	tries too hard to be funny in a way that's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
1	ararat feels like a book report
0	. . . fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
1	though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
1	rollerball is as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
0	broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
1	one big blustery movie where nothing really happens . when it comes out on video , then it's the perfect cure for insomnia .
1	ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .
1	shows holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
1	the sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
1	this is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
0	the last kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of my big fat greek wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
1	the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
0	smith's point is simple and obvious -- people's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
0	the film is saved from aren't-kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that isn't faked and a stately sense of composition .
1	star trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
1	it's difficult to say whether the tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing--i'm prepared to call it a draw .
1	with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
0	this is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
1	dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
0	the rare movie that's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it's based .
1	wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
0	an old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
1	audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the castro regime in less than saintly tones .
1	bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
1	although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
0	garca bernal and talancn are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you'll want things to work out .
1	like most of jaglom's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
1	much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
0	after making several adaptations of other writers' work , armenian-canadian director atom egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
1	with a completely predictable plot , you'll swear that you've seen it all before , even if you've never come within a mile of the longest yard .
0	this movie got me grinning . there's a part of us that cannot help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
1	it's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
1	the author's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
0	proves a servicable world war ii drama that can't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem hollywood too long has ignored .
0	altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
0	white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that doesn't mean you won't like looking at it .
0	an exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , minority report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
0	one of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
1	chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
1	sometimes , fond memories should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
0	a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
1	deuces wild treads heavily into romeo and juliet/west side story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
0	not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but coppola , along with his sister , sofia , is a real filmmaker . it must be in the genes .
1	the title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
0	candid camera on methamphetamines .
1	city by the sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : it's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . but what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
0	taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! ) , the sum of all fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
0	as a first-time director , paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides frailty with its dark soul .
1	solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he isn't talking a talk that appeals to me .
0	tends to pile too many " serious issues " on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
1	the comedy is nonexistent .
0	it's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
0	more concerned with sade's ideas than with his actions . the movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as . . . [quills] did by showing them .
0	" frailty " offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies . and , there's no way you won't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
1	could the country bears really be as bad as its trailers ? in a word -- yes .
1	on its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of monsters , inc . , without the latter's imagination , visual charm or texture .
1	such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
0	" catch me " feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a spielberg trademark .
0	bill morrison's decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
1	not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
1	possibly not since grumpy old men have i heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
1	after an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
1	aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production doesn't work for me .
1	contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
0	a taut , sobering film .
0	like many western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about north korea's recent past and south korea's future adds a much needed moral weight .
1	[two] fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable scandinavian settlers in 18th-century canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
0	. . . could easily be called the best korean film of 2002 .
0	having never been a huge fan of dickens' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure i had watching mcgrath's version .
0	meeting , even exceeding expectations , it's the best sequel since the empire strikes back . . . a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
0	what enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
1	the story itself is actually quite vapid .
1	suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
0	for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
1	with the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by cedric the entertainer as perry's boss , there isn't a redeeming moment here .
0	thankfully , the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality . . . takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the croc hunter agenda .
1	there's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do joan and philip's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
1	insufferably naive .
0	lohman adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director peter kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
1	friday after next has the same problem that next friday did -- it's called where's chris tucker when you need him ?
1	when seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , i wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , 'hey , kool-aid ! '
1	in this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .
0	a rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children's television .
1	the biggest problem with satin rouge is lilia herself . she's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but doesn't reveal an inner life .
0	biggie and tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
0	a very funny movie .
0	a disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an alice in wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of tv's big brother .
0	an elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
0	stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
1	loosely speaking , we're in all of me territory again , and , strictly speaking , schneider is no steve martin .
1	if you're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
1	it's a frankenstein-monster of a film that doesn't know what it wants to be .
0	it's a great american adventure and a wonderful film to bring to imax .
0	ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
0	ryan gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted daniel .
0	for those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their * * * off for an hour-and-a-half .
1	the problem with the bread , my sweet is that it's far too sentimental .
1	static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , hey arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
1	despite the fact that this film wasn't as bad as i thought it was going to be , it's still not a good movie
1	is an arthritic attempt at directing by callie khouri . i had to look away - this was god awful .
0	murderous maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy . . .
0	devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
1	what with the incessant lounge music playing in the film's background , you may mistake love liza for an adam sandler chanukah song .
0	the best way to describe it is as a cross between paul thomas anderson's magnolia and david lynch's mulholland dr .
1	a strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
1	when you resurrect a dead man , hard copy should come a-knocking , no ?
1	summer's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
1	might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
1	i don't think i laughed out loud once . and when you're talking about a slapstick comedy , that's a pretty big problem .
0	you'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
0	a deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
1	ice cube isn't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but friday after next spreads them pretty thin .
1	most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for shearer's radio show and his simpson voice-overs .
1	. . . unlike [scorsese's mean streets] , ash wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
0	. . . manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
1	. . . too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
0	as if trying to grab a lump of play-doh , the harder that liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
0	a remarkable film by bernard rose .
0	smarter than its commercials make it seem .
1	like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
1	no aspirations to social import inform the movie version . this is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
0	jason x has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
1	too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could've been an impacting film .
1	. . . if it had been only half-an-hour long or a tv special , the humor would have been fast and furious-- at ninety minutes , it drags .
1	not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid .
1	a incompetncia de marcus adams como roteirista s  superada por sua pssima direo .
1	the feature-length stretch . . . strains the show's concept .
1	this film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
0	one of the best rock documentaries ever . wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
1	feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
1	[tries] to parody a genre that's already a joke in the united states . the movie is the equivalent of french hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
1	clare peploe's airless movie adaptation could use a little american pie-like irreverence .
1	i have to admit that i am baffled by jason x .
1	her fans walked out muttering words like " horrible " and " terrible , " but had so much fun dissing the film that they didn't mind the ticket cost . in this case zero .
0	the wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic .
1	a cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
0	passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
0	lilia's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
0	peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
0	a muckraking job , the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that .
1	the editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
0	the pianist is a fine valedictory work for polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
1	this extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
0	this is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
0	both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
0	the film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in laramie following the murder of matthew shepard .
1	a momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year .
0	a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
1	. . . a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the linux cause .
1	lstima por schwarzenegger , pero es hora de que deje la estafeta a las nuevas generaciones .
0	the movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
0	i'd watch these two together again in a new york minute .
0	at once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
0	writer/director joe carnahan's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
0	often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
0	baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
1	the filmmakers are playing to the big boys in new york and l . a . to that end , they mock the kind of folks they don't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers don't care to understand , either .
0	a fascinating and fun film .
1	the plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
1	would benigni's italian pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
1	storytelling feels slight .
1	preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
0	gondry's direction is adequate . . . but what gives human nature its unique feel is kaufman's script .
0	darkly funny and frequently insightful .
0	there is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
0	. . . blade ii is more enjoyable than the original .
1	" abandon " will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
0	haynes has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed .
1	the film's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john .
0	this in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
1	it's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives hollywood sequels a bad name .
0	norton holds the film together .
0	happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and doesn't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
1	a worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school tv special .
0	has a lot of the virtues of eastwood at his best .
1	bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . this is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
0	[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
1	a terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
1	dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
0	the re-release of ron howard's apollo 13 in the imax format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
1	la de salma es una versin de frida superficial , preciosista y sin ningn contenido .
1	filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
1	the master of disguise is awful . it's pauly shore awful . don't say you weren't warned .
1	presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .
1	eight legged freaks ? no big hairy deal .
0	an earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
0	these characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and i'm all for that .
0	few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
1	after collateral damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father clich has been unturned . but no .
1	one of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
0	caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
0	fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
0	there's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
1	there's no palpable chemistry between lopez and male lead ralph fiennes , plus the script by working girl scribe kevin wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
1	the movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but there's just not much lurking below its abstract surface .
1	children , christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of jonah's despair -- in all its agonizing , catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
0	though writer/director bart freundlich's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of crudup's anchoring performance .
0	earns its laughs from stock redneck 'types' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
0	claude chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but that's okay .
0	the characters are more deeply thought through than in most 'right-thinking' films .
1	filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
1	a modestly comic , modestly action-oriented world war ii adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
0	one of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
0	it may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of weekend and two or three things i know about her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
1	this franchise has not spawned a single good film . the crap continues .
1	set in a 1986 harlem that doesn't look much like anywhere in new york .
0	an enjoyable experience .
0	it may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul's-eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
0	for all its problems . . . the lady and the duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring . . . which proves that rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
0	a remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
0	a classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
0	driven by a fantastic dual performance from ian holm . . . the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor .
0	gambling and throwing a basketball game for money isn't a new plot -- in fact toback himself used it in black and white . but toback's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
0	it's fairly solid--not to mention well edited so that it certainly doesn't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
1	mendes still doesn't quite know how to fill a frame . like the hanks character , he's a slow study : the action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
0	this is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on jerry springer .
0	it's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
1	there's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but kang tacks on three or four more endings .
0	this is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
1	grant isn't cary and bullock isn't katherine .
0	a . . . cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
0	director peter kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting 'chops' and they take full advantage .
0	woo's fights have a distinct flair . his warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
1	it will come as no surprise that the movie isn't scary . but here's the real damn : it isn't funny , either .
0	its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there's no time to think about them anyway .
0	it's secondary to american psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
1	really dumb but occasionally really funny .
0	its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
1	the sum of all fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
0	i can't say that i liked homeboy ; it'd be more accurate to say that i found it intriguing , bizarre , dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way .
0	a moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
1	generic thriller junk . teens only .
1	what we get . . . is caddyshack crossed with the loyal order of raccoons .
0	not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
1	gooding and coburn are both oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through snow dogs , seems inconceivable .
1	a seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director kurt wimmer at the screenplay level .
0	gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
0	a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .
1	blood work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from eastwood's dirty harry period .
1	a grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
0	knows how to make our imagination wonder .
0	it's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
0	. . . an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly shouldn't hurt talented young gaghan's resume .
0	it is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
0	it's a lovely film with lovely performances by buy and accorsi .
1	represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
1	it's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it doesn't offer any insights that haven't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the dahmer heyday of the mid-'90s .
0	directed with purpose and finesse by england's roger mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as notting hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
1	first good , then bothersome . excellent acting and direction .
0	the message is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another .
1	with very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like swimming with sharks and the player , this latest skewering . . . may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
1	i suspect that you'll be as bored watching morvern callar as the characters are in it . if you go , pack your knitting needles .
1	unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
1	chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
1	two-bit potboiler .
0	with one exception , every blighter in this particular south london housing project digs into dysfunction like it's a big , comforting jar of marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
0	a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
1	only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it's looking for .
1	this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
0	a spellbinding african film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
0	sexy and romantic .
0	it tends to remind one of a really solid woody allen film , with its excellent use of new york locales and sharp writing
1	director hoffman , his writer and kline's agent should serve detention
1	suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry british filmmakers have strip-mined the monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
1	it's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
0	with a confrontational stance , todd solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
1	comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
1	the script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of 'hypertime' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for spy kids .
0	not a strike against yang's similarly themed yi yi , but i found what time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
1	the type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the [teen comedy] genre a bad name .
0	a wry , affectionate delight .
0	there's no denying that burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
1	throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : so why is this so boring ?
0	yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . isn't it great ?
0	poignant and delicately complex .
0	uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
0	most impressive , though , is the film's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters' emotional wounds .
0	it picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
1	. . . one resurrection too many .
1	pretend like your sat scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
1	a wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a mrs . robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
0	time changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
1	though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
1	the director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
0	trapped won't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
0	defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone's willingness to believe in it . but darned if it doesn't also keep us riveted to our seats .
0	it has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it's over .
0	thanks to ice cube , benjamins feels an awful lot like friday in miami .
0	mr . caine and mr . fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
0	the stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for euro-film pretension .
1	its plot and animation offer daytime tv serviceability , but little more .
0	it's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
1	it's basically an overlong episode of tales from the crypt .
0	andersson creates a world that's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
1	a wretched movie that reduces the second world war to one man's quest to find an old flame .
0	harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
1	wimps out by going for that pg-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
1	a sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
1	. . . little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
0	this is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
1	consider the title's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
0	the characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
1	the only entertainment you'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles  several of them .
1	just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
0	creepy , authentic and dark . this disturbing bio-pic is hard to forget .
0	if the first men in black was money , the second is small change . but it still jingles in the pocket . it's fun lite .
0	a first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
1	sluggish , tonally uneven .
0	as any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . on that score , the film certainly doesn't disappoint .
0	campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
1	the film is flat .
0	astonishing . . . [frames] profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
1	the emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
1	godard's ode to tackling life's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess . . . in praise of love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
1	they're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .
0	if you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in italian ) and you like 'masterpiece theatre' type costumes , you'll enjoy this movie .
1	a half-assed film .
0	a triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
1	every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . there's no energy .
1	starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker yvan attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
0	majidi's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
0	francophiles will snicker knowingly and you'll want to slap them .
1	leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
1	bears is even worse than i imagined a movie ever could be .
0	foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
1	a picture as erratic as its central character .
1	this mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
1	a superfluous sequel . . . plagued by that old familiar feeling of 'let's get this thing over with' : everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
0	a huge box-office hit in korea , shiri is a must for genre fans .
0	the film's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . but  in trying to capture the novel's deeper intimate resonances , the film has  ironically - distanced us from the characters .
1	at once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
0	it deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
0	on this tricky topic , tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
0	the film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
1	this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .
0	if your taste runs to 'difficult' films you absolutely can't miss it .
0	the path ice age follows most closely , though , is the one established by warner bros . giant chuck jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie's release .
0	sweet home alabama " is what it is  a nice , harmless date film . . .
1	it's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from " promising " to " interesting " to " familiar " before landing squarely on " stupid " .
0	as weber and weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the cockettes weren't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
0	it's the type of film about growing up that we don't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
1	the uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
1	lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it's compelling .
0	if you've ever wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like , here it is .
1	it's everything you don't go to the movies for .
1	the film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
1	she's not yet an actress , not quite a singer . . .
0	the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
1	mcconaughey's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
1	the film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future quentin tarantino picture
0	it's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
1	borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
0	lovely and amazing is holofcener's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . when all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , i trust , will you .
1	it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
1	it's as if you're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
1	the acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the wal-mart checkout line .
0	the color sense of stuart little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie weren't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
0	a thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
0	a full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
1	just how extreme are these ops ? i regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
1	rates an 'e' for effort -- and a 'b' for boring .
1	. . . a low rate annie featuring some kid who can't act , only echoes of jordan , and weirdo actor crispin glover screwing things up old school .
0	ofrece una buena oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar .
0	the symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . i wanted more .
1	takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker .
1	this is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
1	the director mostly plays it straight , turning leys' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
0	the movie's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
0	for veggietales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . if you're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat brussels sprouts .
1	you expect more from director michael apted ( enigma ) and screenwriter nicholas kazan ( reversal of fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
0	just watch bettany strut his stuff . you'll know a star when you see one .
1	its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this isn't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
1	no cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces wild .
0	try as you might to resist , if you've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
0	if you're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , i have just one word for you - decasia
1	a semi-autobiographical film that's so sloppily written and cast that you cannot believe anyone more central to the creation of bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
0	the film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
1	the makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . i like frank the pug , though .
1	despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like [seinfeld's] revered tv show , about pretty much nothing .
1	this is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like them !
1	. . . for all its social and political potential , state property doesn't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
0	[raimi's] matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you'll ever see .
0	an irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
1	unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
0	it's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
0	death to smoochy is often very funny , but what's even more remarkable is the integrity of devito's misanthropic vision .
1	a dreary movie .
0	jones . . . makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
1	i can only imagine one thing worse than kevin spacey trying on an irish accent , and that's sultry linda fiorentino doing the same thing .
0	this may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other holocaust films , but it's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it's told by the people who were there .
0	. . . a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
1	adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they won't enjoy the movie at all .
1	the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .
0	a rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
0	shanghai ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
0	a searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
0	seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was . . . hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
1	too bad writer-director adam rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the golden eagle's carpets .
1	hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .
0	poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it's an entertaining and informative documentary .
0	it may not be history  but then again , what if it is ?  but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies i've had in a while .
0	a thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching british comedy .
0	despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show . . . represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
1	no big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
0	connoisseurs of chinese film will be pleased to discover that tian's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
1	it collapses when mr . taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller's rush .
0	moonlight mile doesn't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
1	all very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .
0	for every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( orlando jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
0	its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
1	while there's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying 'get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
0	the tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
1	the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
1	the drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin couldn't keep my attention .
0	a film centering on a traditional indian wedding in contemporary new delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but mira nair's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
1	at best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . but it would be better to wait for the video . and a very rainy day .
0	broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary . he thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
1	it's tommy's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you'll feel like mopping up , too .
0	. . . " bowling for columbine " remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film . . .
0	although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play , the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
1	when the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read 'seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
1	too simple for its own good .
1	a film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this isn't .
0	what makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
1	snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
0	the pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by charlie kaufman and his twin brother , donald , and directed by spike jonze .
1	the pairing does sound promising in theory . . . but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
0	" frailty " has been written so well , that even a simple " goddammit ! " near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
1	. . . a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .
0	one of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
1	the movie , like bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
0	jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
0	it's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
1	it's an 88-minute highlight reel that's 86 minutes too long .
0	. . . gripping and handsome execution , ( but ) there isn't much about k-19 that's unique or memorable .
1	it is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
0	as satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago . . . has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
1	many of benjamins' elements feel like they've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
0	writer-director juan carlos fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
0	both garcia and jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
0	a little better than sorcerer's stone .
1	demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his charade remake , but he can't disguise that he's spiffing up leftovers that aren't so substantial or fresh .
1	a late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .
1	puts on airs of a hal hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
1	there's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
0	it understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
1	a loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
1	not everything in the film works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
1	well , jason's gone to manhattan and hell , i guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , don't shoot the messenger ) .
1	whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
1	brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
0	though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film doesn't ignore the more problematic aspects of brown's life .
0	celebrated at sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that's hard to beat .
1	skip the film and buy the philip glass soundtrack cd .
0	in adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
1	while it's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
1	bogdanich is unashamedly pro-serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
0	drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
0	a brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .
1	clever but not especially compelling .
0	an unflinching look at the world's dispossessed .
0	all in all , the count of monte cristo is okay , but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
1	once ice-t sticks his mug in the window of the couple's bmw and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
0	hoffman's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
0	both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
0	the trinity assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and george ratliff's documentary , hell house , reflects their earnestness  which makes for a terrifying film .
1	a predictable and stereotypical little b-movie .
1	earnest falls short of its ideal predecessor largely due to parker's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
0	a smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
0	the movie's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
0	a thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you cannot separate them .
1	there's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
1	drowning's too good for this sucker .
0	the emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
1	i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
1	there's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
1	loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
0	brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , haneke's portrait of an upper class austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
0	but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
1	has a long and clunky ending . . . which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience's awkward silence
1	the movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
1	is it a comedy ? a drama ? a romance ? a cartoon ?
1	despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
1	[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through .
1	a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake .
1	the characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
0	so many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but family fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
0	quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year . . . a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that isn't afraid to admit it doesn't have all the answers .
0	. . . flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
1	cacoyannis' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
0	the closest thing to the experience of space travel
1	coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
1	`matrix'-style massacres erupt throughout . . . but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with kafka-inspired philosophy .
0	wang xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
1	in a 102-minute film , aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time . . . . most viewers will wish there had been more of the " queen " and less of the " damned . "
0	the one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
1	the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
0	a taut , intelligent psychological drama .
0	informative , intriguing , observant , often touching . . . gives a human face to what's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
0	spielberg's realization of a near-future america is masterful . this makes minority report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
0	i'll put it this way : if you're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you .
0	a sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
1	when the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
1	tartakovsky's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
1	there's a disturbing 'great white hope' undertone to the other side of heaven that subtly undermines its message of christian love and compassion .
1	it's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
1	so exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
0	it's no lie -- big fat liar is a real charmer .
0	[there's] quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of the little mermaid and aladdin .
1	the rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it's more comedy than suspense de palma creates .
0	moretti's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
1	it's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
0	huppert's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling kathy baker's creepy turn as the repressed mother on boston public just as much as 8 women's augustine .
1	a movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with dead poets society and good will hunting than by its own story .
1	it's hampered by a lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
0	a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
1	so riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
0	on the surface a silly comedy , scotland , pa would be forgettable if it weren't such a clever adaptation of the bard's tragic play .
1	our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender  and i know this because i've seen 'jackass : the movie . '
1	there's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
1	aggravating and tedious .
1	opera on film is never satisfactory . the art demands live viewing . the innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
1	to enjoy this movie's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by jolie and burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
1	. . . blade ii is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
0	any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
0	daughter from danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who aren't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
1	plays like john le carr with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
1	a culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
1	labute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .
0	like a poor man's you can count on me
0	even if you can't pronounce " gyro " correctly , you'll appreciate much of vardalos' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
1	. . . perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
0	even though it is infused with the sensibility of a video director , it doesn't make for completely empty entertainment
1	if myers decides to make another austin powers movie , maybe he should just stick with austin and dr evil .
0	another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .
1	so putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
0	. . . the one thing this wild film has that other imax films don't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . that's fun for kids of any age .
0	a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .
1	lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
0	kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
1	one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
0	the concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
0	like a south-of-the-border melrose place .
1	hey arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . still , the updated dickensian sensibility of writer craig bartlett's story is appealing .
0	audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
1	there's no emotional pulse to solaris . with an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , soderbergh's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
1	trouble every day is a success in some sense , but it's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
1	far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .
0	an ambitious and moving but bleak film .
0	a film in a class with spike lee's masterful do the right thing .
1	what is captured during the conceptual process doesn't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .
1	carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , 'if i stay positive , maybe i can channel one of my greatest pictures , drunken master . '
0	. . . as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the star wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
0	. . . an agreeable time-wasting device -- but george pal's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
1	a movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .
1	crossroads feels like a teenybopper ed wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
1	an ill-conceived jumble that's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
0	tsai ming-liang's witty , wistful new film , what time is it there ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
1	is " ballistic " worth the price of admission ? absolutely not . it sucked . would i see it again ? please see previous answer .
1	been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called the professional .
1	when a film is created solely because it's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
0	a densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among jean-luc godard's finest work .
1	it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
1	if you think it's a riot to see rob schneider in a young woman's clothes , then you'll enjoy the hot chick .
0	a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
1	johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
0	while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
1	when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails .
0	[breheny's] lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
0	chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : david jacobson's dahmer .
0	an amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
1	her film is like a beautiful food entre that isn't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
0	like a tarantino movie with heart , alias betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
0	don't judge this one too soon - it's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
0	as home movie gone haywire , it's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , i'd rather listen to old tori amos records .
0	for movie lovers as well as opera lovers , tosca is a real treat .
0	a summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
1	a subtle variation on i spit on your grave in which our purported heroine pathologically avenges a hatred for men .
1	clayburgh and tambor are charming performers ; neither of them deserves eric schaeffer .
1	a muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that doesn't make much sense even on its own terms .
1	slick piece of cross-promotion .
1	an intriguing near-miss .
1	it's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by taylor's cartoonish performance and the film's ill-considered notion that hitler's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
1	horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the serbs themselves but also to a network of american right-wing extremists .
0	there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
0	not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
0	for the most part , it's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
0	suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative . still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
1	one of the worst movies of the year . . . . watching it was painful .
1	eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you don't care who fires the winning shot .
0	as lively an account as seinfeld is deadpan .
1	more likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
1	a plodding teen remake that's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
0	because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we've somehow never seen before .
0	obligada para impotentes , daneses , camareras italianas , profesores de idiomas , y todo aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor .
1	a humorless journey into a philosophical void .
1	it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
1	swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . or intelligent .
0	emerges as something rare , an issue movie that's so honest and keenly observed that it doesn't feel like one .
0	the events of the film are just so weird that i honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
1	in the end , ted bundy's only justification is the director's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there's no larger point , and little social context .
1	it looks good , but it is essentially empty .
1	kurys never shows why , of all the period's volatile romantic lives , sand and musset are worth particular attention .
0	i'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .
0	an imaginative comedy/thriller .
0	the pinochet case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
0	a refreshing korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
1	a sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .
0	like the best 60 minutes expos , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
0	some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
1	earnest and tentative even when it aims to shock .
1	lawrence should stick to his day job . he's a better actor than a standup comedian .
0	russian ark is a new treasure of the hermitage .
0	this surreal gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of ecclesiastes . a rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
0	wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .
1	too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
1	life is a crock -- or something like it .
0	if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then esther's story is a compelling quest for truth .
0	it's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
0	a heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers' hearts .
1	the bottom line , at least in my opinion , is imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
1	a movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . we can tell what it is supposed to be , but can't really call it a work of art .
1	new yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell . . .
0	promises is one film that's truly deserving of its oscar nomination .
0	it asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
1	for this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull sorvino has no light touch , and rodan is out of his league .
0	speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
1	it's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by elizabeth hurley in a bathing suit .
1	we started to wonder if  some unpaid intern had just typed 'chris rock , ' 'anthony hopkins' and 'terrorists' into some univac-like script machine .
1	the biggest problem with roger avary's uproar against the mpaa is that , even in all its director's cut glory , he's made a film that's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
0	smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
0	while tattoo borrows heavily from both seven and the silence of the lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
1	nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
0	a high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
1	writer-director randall wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
1	a painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
1	while certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , jeong-hyang lee's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
0	quite funny for the type of movie it is . . .
1	a disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate imax trip .
1	the result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today's hollywood .
1	the lower your expectations , the more you'll enjoy it .
1	no amount of nostalgia for carvey's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that carvey's considerable talents are wasted in it .
1	although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
1	this is rote drivel aimed at mom and dad's wallet .
1	secret ballot is too contemplative to be really funny .
1	they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who haven't read the book .
1	apparently writer-director attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .
0	for the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
0	an engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
1	one of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
0	it has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
1	mckay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
1	if you're not a prepubescent girl , you'll be laughing at britney spears' movie-starring debut whenever it doesn't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
1	there's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
1	" what john does is heroic , but we don't condone it , " one of the film's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture's moral schizophrenia .
0	dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and johnny dankworth's best soundtrack in years .
1	full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow ! is the kind of movie that's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
1	in the end , there isn't much to it .
1	another useless recycling of a brutal mid-'70s american sports movie .
0	the camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
0	a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
0	all comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
0	intimate and panoramic .
1	indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
0	macdowell . . . gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she's ever done .
0	lapaglia's ability to convey grief and hope works with weaver's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
0	the seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going .
0	the acting alone is worth the price of admission .
0	son of the bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
0	desta vez , columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .
0	george clooney proves he's quite a talented director and sam rockwell shows us he's a world-class actor with confessions of a dangerous mind .
0	assayas' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of jacques chardonne's novel .
1	jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
0	a stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of beauty and the beast and 1930s horror films
1	the problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
1	it's unfortunate that wallace , who wrote gibson's braveheart as well as the recent pearl harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
0	it's not just a feel-good movie , it's a feel movie . you feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
1	the gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
0	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids .
1	something must have been lost in the translation .
0	generally provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
0	the ingenuity that parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of wilde himself .
1	professionally speaking , it's tempting to jump ship in january to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
0	84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . it's also , clearly , great fun .
0	drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
1	it's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as phoenix's .
0	what elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
0	nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year's best and most unpredictable comedy .
0	a thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
0	provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
1	the most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog rover dangerfield .
0	paid in full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
1	despite its promising cast of characters , big trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that 'zany' doesn't necessarily mean 'funny . '
0	the film is all a little lit crit 101 , but it's extremely well played and often very funny .
1	not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
0	a disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by philip glass .
0	laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , no such thing is a fascinating little tale .
0	anchored by a terrific performance by abbass , satin rouge shows that the idea of women's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
0	despite its flaws , crazy as hell marks an encouraging new direction for la salle .
1	a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
1	the director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
0	it's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the marks family .
0	it's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
1	nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
0	tsai ming-liang's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
0	sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
1	here's my advice , kev . start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
1	novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
1	even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
0	this bold and lyrical first feature from raja amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
0	it's not life-affirming  its vulgar and mean , but i liked it .
1	lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
1	egoyan's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .
0	this isn't a narrative film -- i don't know if it's possible to make a narrative film about september 11th , though i'm sure some will try -- but it's as close as anyone has dared to come .
1	little more than a frothy vanity project .
0	a celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
1	[crystal and de niro] manage to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing .
1	it's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
1	it leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
0	bourne , jason bourne . he can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he'll get the girl . he's super spy !
0	at its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
1	the humor isn't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . but it could have been worse .
0	really is a pan-american movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
1	a non-britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
1	watching the powerpuff girls movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in japan that gave people seizures .
0	reggio and glass put on an intoxicating show .
1	the acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with csokas particularly unconnected .
1	how this one escaped the lifetime network i'll never know .
1	shouldn't have been allowed to use the word " new " in its title , because there's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
0	an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
0	there is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . paul cox needed to show it . it is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
0	as shaky as the plot is , kaufman's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
1	we get the comedy we settle for .
0	thirteen conversations about one thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
0	ultimately , " mib ii " succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it can't be dismissed as mindless .
1	ihops don't pile on this much syrup .
1	a lifetime movie about men .
1	snow dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
0	andy garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and mick jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , performance .
0	the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
1	a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
0	it's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
0	this is as powerful a set of evidence as you'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
1	this latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made b movie is long gone .
0	asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema's capability for recording truth .
0	with amazing finesse , the film shadows heidi's trip back to vietnam and the city where her mother , mai thi kim , still lives .
1	every note rings false .
0	[gosling's] combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
0	one of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old walt doodled steamboat willie .
1	as predictable as the outcome of a globetrotters-generals game , juwanna mann is even more ludicrous than you'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
0	hashiguchi vividly captures the way young japanese live now , chafing against their culture's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
1	the master of disguise is funny--not " ha ha " funny , " dead circus performer " funny . and for all the wrong reasons besides .
0	it's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
1	. . . an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
0	one of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
1	execrable .
0	you don't know whether to admire the film's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . or both .
1	where last time jokes flowed out of cho's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
0	beating the austin powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
1	at times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
1	the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately .
1	slap me , i saw this movie .
1	showtime isn't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
1	the documentary does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation .
1	fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
1	the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
1	the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
1	do you say " hi " to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?
1	aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with townsend . when she speaks , her creepy egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
1	a broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
1	this tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
1	schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that's enough to sustain laughs . . .
1	predictably soulless techno-tripe .
0	there's an energy to y tu mam tambin . much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
1	like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . the film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
1	an excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
1	it's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who can't come up with legitimate funny , and it's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
1	human nature initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
1	starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
0	wedding feels a bit anachronistic . still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin .
1	de niro and mcdormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story's inability to create interest .
0	you can sip your vintage wines and watch your merchant ivory productions ; i'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a jerry bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
1	while it's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( sugar hill gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
0	it's unnerving to see recoing's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . good film , but very glum .
0	a wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
1	a listless sci-fi comedy in which eddie murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
0	an endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
0	lan yu is at times too restrained , yet there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most american love stories look downright unfree .
0	vincent gallo is right at home in this french shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
0	it's mostly a pleasure to watch . and the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
0	nair's cast is so large it's altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
1	there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
1	despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
1	the talk-heavy film plays like one of robert altman's lesser works .
0	tim allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
0	plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
1	when one hears harry shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
0	it's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our hollywood has all but lost .
1	earnest but heavy-handed .
1	sweet home alabama certainly won't be remembered as one of [witherspoon's] better films .
1	it's a drag how nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
0	excellent performances from jacqueline bisset and martha plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
1	there ought to be a directing license , so that ed burns can have his revoked .
1	theology aside , why put someone who ultimately doesn't learn at the center of a kids' story ?
0	fred schepisi's tale of four englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
1	the film's most improbable feat ? it didn't go straight to video .
1	may puzzle his most ardent fans .
0	there are a few stabs at absurdist comedy . . . but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an iranian specialty .
0	for a movie audience , the hours doesn't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
1	the film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
0	the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
0	a certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
1	despite slick production values and director roger michell's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
1	anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
0	a bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
1	vera's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
1	the chteau would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera . not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .
0	nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
0	a bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
1	too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , frank novak's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
1	it concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between chan and hewitt .
0	it seems impossible that an epic four-hour indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
1	meyjes's movie , like max rothman's future , does not work .
0	remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
0	immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop djs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
0	tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .
1	the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
1	. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
0	rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , jiang wen's devils on the doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of joseph heller or kurt vonnegut .
1	we haven't seen such hilarity since say it isn't so !
0	funny but perilously slight .
1	this is more a case of 'sacre bleu ! ' than 'magnifique' .
1	you have once again entered the bizarre realm where director adrian lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
1	it's almost as if it's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
1	a relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty world war ii action flick .
0	with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , however , robert rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
0	the grey zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of holocaust movies . . . but the film suffers from its own difficulties .
0	gangster no . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
0	it's so good that you can practically see the hollywood 'suits' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too -inevitable american remake .
0	the appearance of treebeard and gollum's expanded role will either have you loving what you're seeing , or rolling your eyes . i loved it ! gollum's 'performance' is incredible !
0	muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and the last kiss . . . provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
0	for the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
1	excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
0	an unflinching , complex portrait of a modern israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
1	a crass and insulting homage to great films like some like it hot and the john wayne classics .
0	sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
1	the film is really not so much bad as bland .
1	an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
0	a wild ride with eight boarders from venice beach that was a deserved co-winner of the audience award for documentaries at the sundance film festival .
0	an effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
0	an older cad instructs a younger lad in zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
0	the movie is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
0	old people will love this movie , and i mean that in the nicest possible way : last orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .
1	proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
1	you may be galled that you've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
0	chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
1	tennessee williams by way of oprah's book club .
0	this big screen caper has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
0	never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches . . . gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
1	bang ! zoom ! it's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
0	the film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
1	a slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .
1	it's as if de palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up kraft macaroni and cheese .
0	as directed by dani kouyate of burkina faso , sia lacks visual flair . but kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
0	the film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once . . . a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
1	this formulaic chiller will do little to boost stallone's career .
0	if you ignore the cliches and concentrate on city by the sea's interpersonal drama , it ain't half-bad .
0	the members manage to pronounce kok exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . it's very beavis and butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
1	go for la salle's performance , and make do as best you can with a stuttering script .
0	ou've got to love a disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as jane .
0	more than their unique residences , home movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
1	with a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , personal velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
0	an absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
0	the subtitled costume drama is set in a remote african empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
0	i found myself liking the film , though in this case one man's treasure could prove to be another man's garbage .
0	ice age won't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and i'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
1	the title trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
0	it's an interesting effort ( particularly for jfk conspiracy nuts ) , and barry's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
1	although there are several truly jolting scares , there's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
1	supposedly authentic account of a historical event that's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
0	a fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
1	the story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
0	edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any mtv puffery .
1	it takes you somewhere you're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it's surprisingly old-fashioned .
1	there ain't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it's hilarious .
1	the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey . . . [it] comes off like a hallmark commercial .
0	fulfills the minimum requirement of disney animation .
1	you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
0	though the film is static , its writer-director's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
0	a tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled african-american's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
1	the characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
1	most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .
0	a mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
1	it never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
0	precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . anyone else seen this before ?
0	it's incredible the number of stories the holocaust has generated . just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
1	the isolated moments of creative insanity finally are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
1	if only it were , well , funnier .
0	some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
0	it's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be . but it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
1	just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
0	about the best thing you could say about narc is that it's a rock-solid little genre picture . whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
0	a seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by georgian-israeli director dover kosashvili .
1	if somebody was bored and . . . decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus' son , they'd come up with something like bart freundlich's world traveler .
1	banal and predictable .
1	a perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
0	it's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
1	sluggishly directed by episodic tv veteran joe zwick , it's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
1	displays the potential for a better movie than what bailly manages to deliver
0	it's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
1	this version of h . g . wells' time machine was directed by h . g . wells' great-grandson . they should have found orson welles' great-grandson .
0	murderous maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
0	we want the funk - and this movie's got it .
1	even murphy's expert comic timing and famed charisma can't rescue this effort .
0	it works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
0	the warm presence of zhao benshan makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
0	beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the marquis de sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
1	like the excruciating end of days , collateral damage presents schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
0	it's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
0	an interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , i found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive " missing thing . "
1	a sometimes tedious film .
1	absurdities and clichs accumulate like lint in a fat man's navel .
1	if damon and affleck attempt another project greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
1	a simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
1	partway through watching this saccharine , easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected tv show .
0	worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
1	a big fat pain .
1	if ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . if ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
1	this is as lax and limp a comedy as i've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
0	a b-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
1	i believe silberling had the best intentions here , but he just doesn't have the restraint to fully realize them .
1	the director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of new age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast isn't the least bit mesmerizing .
0	the film's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
0	one scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
1	a moving picture that does not move .
1	'[hopkins]doesn't so much phone in his performance as fax it . no , even that's too committed . he gets his secretary to fax it . "
1	to be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
1	what the director can&#8217 ; t do is make either of val kilmer&#8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
0	[a] strong piece of work .
0	deliciously slow .
1	to build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
0	a film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
0	. . . spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
1	. . . post-september 11 , " the sum of all fears " seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
1	an overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
1	even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
1	on the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
1	it's like every bad idea that's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
0	so original in its base concept that you cannot help but get caught up .
0	schaeffer isn't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
0	" the quiet american " begins in saigon in 1952 . that's its first sign of trouble .
0	provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
0	if you're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .
1	. . . lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
1	a long slog for anyone but the most committed pokemon fan .
1	a puzzling experience .
1	arguably the year's silliest and most incoherent movie .
1	. . . a movie that , quite simply , shouldn't have been made .
1	who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
1	the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
0	it's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star jake gyllenhaal but also from accomplished oscar winners susan sarandon , dustin hoffman and holly hunter , yet newcomer ellen pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
1	the locale . . . remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
1	with mcconaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
0	marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
0	richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
1	it's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in bridget jones's diary .
0	moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of jonathan swift .
0	that jack nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
1	serving sara doesn't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
0	as relationships shift , director robert j . siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
0	a lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
1	some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
0	brilliantly written and well-acted , yellow asphalt is an uncompromising film .
1	even by dumb action-movie standards , ballistic : ecks vs . sever is a dumb action movie .
1	it seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less .
0	a weird , arresting little ride .
0	a strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing spider-man .
1	these spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
1	the country bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . but the movie that doesn't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
1	leaks treacle from every pore .
1	smothered by its own solemnity .
0	alain choquart's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
0	charlotte sometimes is a brilliant movie . it is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
0	keenly observed and refreshingly natural , swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in myrtle beach , s . c . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
0	a distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
0	at once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
1	the cartoon that isn't really good enough to be on afternoon tv is now a movie that isn't really good enough to be in theaters .
0	between the drama of cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
0	a mess when it comes to the characters and writing . . . but works its way underneath the skin like few movies have in recent memory .
0	ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
1	there's a heavy stench of 'been there , done that' hanging over the film . it's everything you'd expect -- but nothing more .
0	a good thriller .
0	you don't have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable b-minus to the emperor's club .
0	the film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in .
1	offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs . . . a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
0	a big-budget/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as the hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
0	my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as 'a perfect family film , ' because it's about family .
1	for most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
0	armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect forster to the always hilarious meara and levy , like mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
0	sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
0	it took 19 predecessors to get this ?
1	i'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it doesn't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
1	it doesn't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than " confessions of a dangerous mind . "
0	though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
1	director yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we haven't seen 10 , 000 times .
0	a comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
1	kirshner and monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( kirshner wins , but it's close . )
1	the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia .
1	if oscar had a category called best bad film you thought was going to be really awful but wasn't , guys would probably be duking it out with the queen of the damned for the honor .
1	it's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
1	this one is certainly well-meaning , but it's also simple-minded and contrived .
0	the urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
0	though not for everyone , the guys is a somber trip worth taking .
0	cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent's days
0	it offers a glimpse of the solomonic decision facing jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
0	far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year's kubrick-meets-spielberg exercise .
0	the strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by the piano teacher .
1	this pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film's producers would be in the clink for life .
0	the beauty of alexander payne's ode to the everyman is in the details .
0	it's no surprise that as a director washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer derek luke .
1	could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes fatal attraction look like a classic by comparison ? that's the only sane rationale i can think of for swimfan's existence .
1	let's face it -- there aren't many reasons anyone would want to see crossroads if they're not big fans of teen pop kitten britney spears .
1	the romance between the leads isn't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
0	the gags are often a stitch .
1	no better or worse than 'truth or consequences , n . m . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a western backwater .
1	mediocre fable from burkina faso .
1	[e]ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
1	technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
1	an ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .
0	undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
0	cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of those days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .
0	instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
1	philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
1	the messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated old testament tale of jonah and the whale . determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor didn't quite engage this adult .
0	it's rather like a lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
0	who is the audience for cletis tout ? anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
1	sex with strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . but what is missing from it all is a moral . what is the filmmakers' point ? why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
0	often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , hell house is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
0	with lesser talents , high crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . with freeman and judd , i'll at least remember their characters .
0	the entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
1	judd's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller smart women , foolish choices for advice .
1	george , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
1	initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .
1	if only the story about a multi-million dollar con bothered to include the con .
0	forget about one oscar nomination for julianne moore this year - she should get all five .
1	this cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
1	it's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
0	the result is more depressing than liberating , but it's never boring .
1	another week , another gross-out college comedy--ugh .
1	it's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
1	the movie's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director michel gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
1	we may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
1	has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
0	romanek's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , one hour photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
1	as with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
0	good , solid storytelling .
1	spy-vs . -spy action flick with antonio banderas and lucy liu never comes together .
1	a pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
1	the charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
0	[a]n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the disney comedies from the 60s .
1	a 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode tv series , with all of the pitfalls of such you'd expect .
0	one of the pleasures in walter's documentary . . . is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
1	murder by numbers just doesn't add up .
0	though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
0	as commander-in-chief of this film , bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
0	guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
1	busy urban comedy is clearly not zhang's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
0	is it a total success ? no . is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? you bet .
1	it may be an easy swipe to take , but this barbershop just doesn't make the cut .
1	a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
1	a lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
1	not the great american comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you'll have a good time with this one too .
1	the story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
0	the script is smart , not cloying .
0	it works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film's length becomes a part of its fun .
0	what makes esther kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . but it's worth the concentration .
1	the good thing -- the only good thing -- about extreme ops is that it's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my thanksgiving to-do list .
1	distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
0	a melancholy , emotional film .
0	if it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life's urgent questions .
1	meanders between its powerful moments .
1	a relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
0	whatever complaints i might have , i'd take [its] earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like antwone fisher or the emperor's club any time .
0	this is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
0	mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
0	a comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
0	as a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , sex with strangers is a success .
0	those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find what time is it there ? well worth the time .
1	can be classified as one of those 'alternate reality' movies . . . except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
0	it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp !
0	it's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
0	adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
0	like mike doesn't win any points for originality . it does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
1	adam sandler is to gary cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
0	it moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it doesn't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the cold war datedness -- of its premise .
0	it may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie's most admirable quality
1	`hey arnold ! ' has some visual wit . . . but little imagination elsewhere .
1	like mike is a slight and uninventive movie : like the exalted michael jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
1	there is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
0	a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
0	a sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
1	unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
1	this time kaufman's imagination has failed him .
1	hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
1	like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything's in place but something's just a little off-kilter .
1	its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
0	this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story's a little weak .
1	it's harmless , diverting fluff . but it's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
0	brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as bond in die another day .
1	director david fincher and writer david koepp can't sustain it .
0	for once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
0	spielberg's picture is smarter and subtler than [total recall and blade runner] , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
0	a visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
0	the hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the sally jesse raphael atmosphere of films like philadelphia and american beauty .
0	no screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of clones' last 45 minutes .
0	those who would follow haneke on his creepy explorations . . . are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from huppert and magimel .
0	imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
1	humor in i spy is so anemic .
1	very stupid and annoying .
0	one of the most original american productions this year , you'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a sunshine state .
1	the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . it's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
1	oft-described as the antidote to american pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
1	none of this violates the letter of behan's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
1	given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing soderbergh has ever done .
1	nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .
1	what could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
1	a peculiar misfire that even tunney can't save .
0	a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard . . . and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .
0	a beautiful paean to a time long past .
1	with minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
0	affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
0	a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
1	the script has less spice than a rat burger and the rock's fighting skills are more in line with steven seagal .
0	it gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
1	just a kiss is a just a waste .
0	great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make gangster no . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
0	as the princess , sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . ben kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of ghandi gone bad .
0	allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
1	consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than ali g
0	p . t . anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
1	meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off kahlo's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
1	[p]artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
0	brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
1	a sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
0	the movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
0	a film about a young man finding god that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
0	the four feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
0	this breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
0	alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and isn't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
0	day is not a great bond movie , but it is a good bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical bond knock-offs .
0	what time is it there ? is not easy . it haunts you , you can't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
0	a triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
1	skip this dreck , rent animal house and go back to the source .
1	considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
1	no film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
0	captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
1	paxton's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .
1	haneke keeps us at arm's length . guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
1	it's obvious [je-gyu is] trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom .
1	nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
0	[reaches] wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
1	although disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
0	it is nature against progress . in fessenden's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
0	certainly the performances are worthwhile .
1	rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
0	using a stock plot , about a boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
0	it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
0	this documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what [evans] had , lost , and got back .
0	an incredibly low-rent danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
0	the best comedy concert movie i've seen since cho's previous concert comedy film , i'm the one that i want , in 2000 .
0	all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that don't really care for the candidate they're forced to follow .
0	it's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by kwan's unique directing style .
0	somewhere short of tremors on the modern b-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
1	a graceless , witless attempt at mating some like it hot with the wwii espionage thriller .
0	with this masterful , flawless film , [wang] emerges in the front ranks of china's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
1	it follows the blair witch formula for an hour , in which we're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
1	'all in all , reign of fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
0	even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
1	it's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .
0	these three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
1	an awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
0	a solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
1	so devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like xxx and collateral damage seem like thoughtful treatises
0	a fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
1	shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
1	the problems of the people in love in the time of money are hardly specific to their era . they just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
1	the ring just left me cold and wet like i was out in the seattle drizzle without rainwear .
0	ms . fulford-wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating lolita turn .
1	everything that's worthwhile about collision course can already be seen on television .
1	the movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
0	one of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals . . . a psychological masterpiece .
0	tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
0	filmmaker tian zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
0	upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that doesn't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
0	for all its serious sense of purpose . . . [it] finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
1	a well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
1	flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they can't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .
1	too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
1	once [kim] begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
1	marinated in clichs and mawkish dialogue .
1	broder's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
1	instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , hart's war , like the st . louis rams in the super bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
0	while not quite " shrek " or monsters , inc . " , it's not too bad . it's worth taking the kids to .
0	girls gone wild and gone civil again
0	if a big musical number like 'praise the lord , he's the god of second chances' doesn't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
0	the inhospitability of the land emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
0	the engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
1	while it is welcome to see a chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , lan yu never catches dramatic fire .
0	compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
0	by turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , laissez-passer has all the earmarks of french cinema at its best .
1	not even steven spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
1	passably entertaining but also mechanical and joyless .
1	as written by michael berg and michael j . wilson from a story by wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
1	[h]ad i suffered and bled on the hard ground of ia drang , i'd want something a bit more complex than we were soldiers to be remembered by .
1	russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of sommers's title-bout features .
0	the first bond movie in ages that isn't fake fun .
1	the vintage is pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : fatal attraction = don't have an affair with a nutjob ; unfaithful = don't if you're married to one .
1	there is no entry portal in the rules of attraction , and i spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
0	the story's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and mr . day-lewis roars with leonine power .
0	to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer's 'divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that's not saying much .
1	the pool drowned me in boredom .
1	to better understand why this didn't connect with me would require another viewing , and i won't be sitting through this one again . . . that in itself is commentary enough .
1	it's dumb , but more importantly , it's just not scary .
0	robert harmon's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in -the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film's thick shadows .
1	like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire olympic swim team through , the characters in swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
0	it's a coming-of-age story we've all seen bits of in other films -- but it's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
0	the climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
0	a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
0	it's nice to see piscopo again after all these years , and chaykin and headly are priceless .
1	there's something not entirely convincing about the quiet american . and that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by brendan fraser .
1	contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden . . . if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
1	how i killed my father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you're watching an iceberg melt -- only it never melts .
1	we may get the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but no sense of the devilish complexity of the balkans conflict .
0	much of all about lily chou-chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
0	greg kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
0	a richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
0	the usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director michael apted and writer tom stoppard .
1	although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
0	witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
1	a by-the-numbers effort that won't do much to enhance the franchise .
1	[u]nrelentingly stupid .
1	ecks this one off your must-see list .
1	nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
1	the actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
0	a live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
0	it is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of stewart and hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
0	if you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then triple x marks the spot .
1	vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe ghost ship .
1	between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
0	effective in all its aspects , margarita happy hour represents an auspicious feature debut for chaiken .
0	harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
1	though uniformly well acted , especially by young ballesta and galan ( a first-time actor ) , writer/director achero manas's film is schematic and obvious .
0	the tenderness of the piece is still intact .
0	a much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian english title would have you believe .
0	working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by gianni romoli . . . ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
1	a gushy episode of " m * a * s * h " only this time from an asian perspective .
0	kaufman and jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing .
1	the experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
1	fear dot com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
1	master of disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
1	the story has little wit and no surprises .
0	. . . the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes " what time is it there ? " something the true film buff will enjoy .
0	a beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in korea .
1	an unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
0	this is so de palma . if you love him , you'll like it . if you don't . . . well , skip to another review .
1	a mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
0	zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
1	the master of disguise falls under the category of 'should have been a sketch on saturday night live . '
0	once the downward spiral comes to pass , auto focus bears out as your typical junkie opera . . .
1	while american adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
1	jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from nijinsky's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
1	splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers' puppet strings .
1	even if it is generally amusing from time to time , i spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
0	miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
0	it's soulful and unslick , and that's apparently just what [aniston] has always needed to grow into a movie career .
1	all the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
1	it's the type of stunt the academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film .
0	captures that perverse element of the kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted " other . "
1	with the dog days of august upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
1	a film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
0	the comic performances are all spot on , especially lee ross's turn as ken .
1	will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
0	one of [jaglom's] better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .
0	if you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
0	the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson . . .
1	" feardotcom " has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .
1	a perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently acted but by no means scary horror movie .
1	a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
0	a fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the new age .
0	an incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
1	one just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
0	kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
1	coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
0	it's definitely an improvement on the first blade , since it doesn't take itself so deadly seriously .
0	spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
0	classic cinema served up with heart and humor
0	if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film .
0	a perceptive , good-natured movie .
1	any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
0	the best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
0	an edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
1	[lin chung's] voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
0	an absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
1	suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
1	unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
0	well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
1	it's absolutely amazing how first-time director kevin donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of chan . make chan's action sequences boring .
1	toward the end sum of all fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
0	mr . parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
0	bennett's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any 'reality' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch some body first .
0	dog soldiers doesn't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
0	all the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
1	a valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the nba .
1	any one episode of the sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
0	franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance sonny needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
0	it's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
0	to some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichs , an assassin's greatest hits . to others , it will remind them that hong kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
1	with a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you don't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
1	sc2 is an autopilot hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic christmas spirit , yet it's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
1	it's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
0	birthday girl lucks out with chaplin and kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie's darker turns .
1	to say this was done better in wilder's some like it hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
1	children and adults enamored of all things pokemon won't be disappointed .
0	farrell . . . thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to willis's world-weary colonel .
0	she's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her bjorkness .
1	the dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
0	with its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , bloody sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in derry .
0	it would be interesting to hear from the other side , but in talk to her , the women are down for the count .
1	in both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . you end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
1	an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled 'hip' , 'innovative' and 'realistic' .
0	angela gheorghiu as famous prima donna floria tosca , roberto alagna as her lover mario cavaradossi , and ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
1	this feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
0	michael gerbosi's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
1	kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
0	satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
1	a generic international version of a typical american horror film .
0	all three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly balk , who's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
1	it's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
0	succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
1	the dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . first-timer john mckay is never able to pull it back on course .
0	a fanciful drama about napoleon's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
0	even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there's something vital about the movie .
1	there's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
1	if we're to slap protagonist genevieve leplouff because she's french , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they're clueless and inept ?
0	the film's plot may be shallow , but you've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
0	thanks to the chteau's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
0	in visual fertility treasure planet rivals the top japanese animations of recent vintage .
0	a riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban hades .
1	qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
0	skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
1	scene-by-scene , things happen , but you'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
1	despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
1	what could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
0	by no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
1	. . . with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , i realized this is a throwaway movie that won't stand the test of time . it's a trifle .
0	for a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
0	kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and lan yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
0	while puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .
1	it wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film , but it has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy .
0	. . . manages to fall closer in quality to silence than to the abysmal hannibal .
0	notwithstanding my problem with the movie's final half hour , i'm going to recommend secretary , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by spader and gyllenhaal , and also the unique way shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl-
0	it's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
1	a boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
0	. . . myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs . . .
1	completely awful iranian drama . . . as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
1	just not campy enough
0	a solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .
0	lathan and diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
0	presents a side of contemporary chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
0	. . . quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
1	a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
1	a bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for universal studios and its ancillary products .
1	it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it .
1	the issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it's impossible to care .
0	i don't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it's a dish that's best served cold .
1	even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . what should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
1	lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
1	alas , the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
0	you could love safe conduct ( laissez passer ) for being a subtitled french movie that is 170 minutes long . you could hate it for the same reason .
1	there's little to recommend snow dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
1	it is a comedy that's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
1	there's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of joan's prefeminist plight , so we're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
1	this film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
1	almost as offensive as " freddy got fingered . "
1	ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
0	" extreme ops " exceeds expectations . good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
1	a reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
1	arty gay film .
1	mr . wedge and mr . saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . their film falters , however , in its adherence to the disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that i'd hoped the movie would avoid .
1	there are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
0	the off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
1	when the first few villians are introduced as " spider " and " snake " you know you're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
1	harvard man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .
1	. . . fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
0	together writer-director danny verete's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
1	an average b-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
1	hollywood ending is the most disappointing woody allen movie ever . he has a great cast and a great idea . but the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
1	the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card .
1	seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .
1	a grating , emaciated flick .
0	o ltimo suspeito ganha fora ao tambm funcionar em uma esfera adicional : a do drama familiar .
1	i can't remember the last time i saw a movie where i wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
1	features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
1	remember when bond had more glamour than clamor ? no more .
1	the movie would seem less of a trifle if ms . sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
1	it's one long bore .
0	ozpetek's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
0	not quite as miraculous as its dreamworks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
1	a distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
0	essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of aliens .
0	'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
1	i suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
0	more intimate than spectacular , e . t . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
1	behind the glitz , hollywood is sordid and disgusting . quelle surprise !
0	painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
1	devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered cgi effects .
1	some writer dude , i think his name was , uh , michael zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that i ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
0	in his u . s . debut , mr . schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
0	ok arthouse . the power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing didn't get our moral hackles up .
1	truly terrible .
0	the pianist is polanski's best film .
1	adolescents will be adequately served by the movie's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a 'topless tutorial service . '
1	one of the worst movies of the year .
0	sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . one of the best of the year .
1	entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
1	i found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
0	. . . wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving war department telegrams .
1	epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made tucker a star .
0	elegant , mannered and teasing .
0	one of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
0	combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that's not merely about kicking undead * * * , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
0	those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to ichi .
1	an earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . it's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
0	pacino and williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . what results is the best performance from either in years .
0	an average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
1	this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question 'why ? '
0	more timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by iran to the afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
0	. . . does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
0	gently humorous and touching .
1	payami tries to raise some serious issues about iran's electoral process , but the result is a film that's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
1	derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
1	the film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
1	a somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .
1	soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , xxx achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
0	secret ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
0	without ever becoming didactic , director carlos carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
0	the gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
1	this is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
1	literally nothing in the pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
1	with nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , [crane] becomes more specimen than character -- and auto focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
1	nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
1	interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots .
1	'god help us , but capra and cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
0	to honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to american workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
1	this is nothing but familiar territory .
0	it's another retelling of alexandre dumas' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
0	a deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
0	the spaniel-eyed jean reno infuses hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
1	blue crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
1	i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible !
0	foster and whitaker are especially fine . she is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
1	. . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .
0	noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
0	ms . hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about zelda's ultimate fate .
1	pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer adam larson broder and his co-director , tony r . abrams , in their feature debut .
0	it will grip even viewers who aren't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of american society in an unnerving way .
0	manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
1	nearly every attempt at humor here is doa .
1	whatever the movie's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet t-shirt and shower scenes .
0	sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to frida kahlo as if her life did , too .
0	singer/composer bryan adams contributes a slew of songs  a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story  but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
0	real women have curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by ferrera and ontiveros .
1	oh come on . like you couldn't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
1	like all abstract art , the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
0	drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
0	the solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
0	even if the ride's a little bumpy , with a final lap that's all too suspiciously smooth , you gotta give director roger michell , best known for the superfluous notting hill , credit for trying .
1	while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier .
0	it's fun , but the code-talk will fly right over everyone's head
0	here is a vh1 behind the music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that didn't sell many records but helped change a nation .
1	it's just not very smart .
1	one of those so-so films that could have been much better .
0	like the film's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early-'80s suburbia , it's significant without being overstated .
0	the cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
1	impostor is a step down for director gary fleder .
1	the most memorable moment was when green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because i had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
1	a rip-off twice removed , modeled after [seagal's] earlier copycat under siege , sometimes referred to as die hard on a boat .
1	aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
0	westfeldt and juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that's both saucy and endearing .
1	there's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
1	can't kick about the assembled talent and the russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
0	has its share of arresting images .
0	we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
0	an oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
0	while not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
1	the actors are appealing , but elysian fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental .
0	it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
0	an artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
1	the people in abc africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
0	the animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
1	what a pity . . . that the material is so second-rate .
0	like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
0	what begins as a film in the tradition of the graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .
0	the strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
0	it's something of the ultimate scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful new york gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
1	. . . stale and uninspired .
1	makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
1	an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we've been watching for decades
1	sunshine state surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology . but the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
1	this is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
1	a potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
1	check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you don't want to think too much about what's going on . the movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like chris rock .
1	ultimately . . . the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
1	this is not a jackie chan movie . it's just a movie that happens to have jackie chan in it . and that makes all the difference .
1	it should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
0	the movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .
0	the film's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard . . .
0	handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
0	weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
1	a smug and convoluted action-comedy that doesn't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it's only a movie .
1	it's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . socrates motions for hemlock .
1	like a grinning jack o' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
1	suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
1	it's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
0	we know the plot's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
0	one fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
1	a prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
1	too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
0	a slight but sweet film .
1	[sam's] self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
1	silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who can't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
0	implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most american of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest hollywood document of all .
0	executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted scrooge could fail to respond .
1	reign of fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
0	though frodo's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined new zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
0	if steven soderbergh's 'solaris' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
0	this is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
1	. . . stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
0	may take its sweet time to get wherever it's going , but if you have the patience for it , you won't feel like it's wasted yours .
0	while broomfield's film doesn't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
1	its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
1	eight legged freaks falls flat as a spoof .
1	the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
0	the film is full of charm .
1	the movie has a script ( by paul pender ) made of wood , and it's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
0	a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
0	this charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
1	this is amusing for about three minutes .
0	got a david lynch jones ? then you'd do well to check this one out because it's straight up twin peaks action . . .
1	this sort of cute and cloying material is far from zhang's forte and it shows .
1	anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
0	you may be captivated , as i was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why paul thomas anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which adam sandler will probably ever appear .
1	all that ( powerpuff girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it's spread too thin .
0	the real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it's really well directed .
1	contains all the substance of a twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
0	crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
1	diane lane's sophisticated performance can't rescue adrian lyne's unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
0	giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . but the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
0	[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
0	clint eastwood's blood work is a lot like a well-made pb& j sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises  but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
1	instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
0	while obviously aimed at kids , the country bears . . . should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
0	it is quite a vision .
1	the self-serious equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , isn't much fun without the highs and lows .
1	julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego doesn't always go hand in hand with talent .
1	a ragbag of cliches .
0	one of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
0	rabbit-proof fence will probably make you angry . but it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that doesn't make you feel like a sucker .
1	[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be .
1	black-and-white and unrealistic .
0	tsai has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of yasujiro ozu .
0	though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
0	when it really counts . . . bloody sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
0	while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
1	godard uses his characters -- if that's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
1	'dragonfly' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
0	this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it's a taunt -a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
1	though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
1	the notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
0	droll caper-comedy remake of " big deal on madonna street " that's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate " bellini " begins to look like a " real kaputschnik . "
0	a film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
1	i'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on johnny knoxville's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
1	the whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
0	a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism .
1	hard as this may be to believe , here on earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
0	a miraculous movie , i'm going home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
1	one sloughs one's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
0	it arrives with an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications .
1	nicks and steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that's giving it the old college try .
0	further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of dubya's axis of evil .
1	. . . the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
0	with a large cast representing a broad cross-section , tavernier's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of " his girl friday , " maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
0	the slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
0	os problemas tm incio a partir do momento em que samos do cinema e comeamos a pensar sobre o que acabamos de ver .  ento que sinais realmente desaponta .
1	. . . built on the premise that middle-class arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from tv reruns and supermarket tabloids .
1	thin period piece .
1	long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
0	anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white .
0	blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
0	the movie is for fans who can't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
0	as teen movies go , " orange county " is a refreshing change
1	benigni's pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
0	in spite of good housekeeping's unsavory characters and wwf mentality , this white trash war of the roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
1	a predictable , manipulative stinker . the story passes time until it's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
1	poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
1	dissing a bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours , you feel like winding up with a kick .
0	you'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
1	the movie's vision of a white american zealously spreading a puritanical brand of christianity to south seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
0	strip it of all its excess debris , and you'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it's too long and unfocused .
1	the tuxedo wasn't just bad ; it was , as my friend david cross would call it , 'hungry-man portions of bad' .
1	the central story lacks punch .
0	the volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-hollywood that it seems positively french in its rhythms and resonance .
0	the mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
1	the film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
0	this bracingly truthful antidote to hollywood teenage movies that slather clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
1	there's something unintentionally comic in the film's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
1	rosenthal ( halloween ii ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
0	director alfonso cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of french new wave films .
1	a dreary rip-off of goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for hispanic americans .
0	both grant and hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
1	this movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
0	spielberg's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
0	an operatic , sprawling picture that's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
0	a gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
0	the filmmakers wisely decided to let crocodile hunter steve irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
0	that rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
1	it comes off as so silly that you wouldn't be surprised if ba , murdock and rest of the a-team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
0	a pleasant romantic comedy .
0	the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
1	conforms itself with creating a game of 'who's who' . . . where the characters' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
0	it provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of gaza .
0	romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
1	collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
0	films are made of little moments . changing lanes tries for more . it doesn't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
1	[a] rather thinly-conceived movie .
1	a waterlogged version of 'fatal attraction' for the teeny-bopper set . . . a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
1	a rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by epps .
0	its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .
0	it's a treat watching shaw , a british stage icon , melting under the heat of phocion's attentions .
1	stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of ghost and close encounters of the third kind .
0	y tu mam tambin is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than georgia asphalt .
0	an almost unbearably morbid love story .
1	a tv episode inflated past its natural length .
1	the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
1	watching harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but boyd's film offers little else of consequence .
0	some actors have so much charisma that you'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . hugh grant and sandra bullock are two such likeable actors .
1	routine and rather silly .
0	a frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
1	just consider what new best friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
0	even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
1	bad company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
0	a slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
0	director nancy savoca's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
1	a cross between blow and boyz n the hood , this movie strives to be more , but doesn't quite get there . good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
0	unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity ofemotional recovery .
1	when it's all wet , blue crush is highly enjoyable . when it's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
0	. . . a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
1	made by jackasses for jackasses .
0	ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year's best acting , personal velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
1	a silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
0	offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a hollywood film .
1	instead of hiding pinocchio from critics , miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
0	its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it's too slowly paced to be a thriller . [but it's] worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by michael caine and brendan fraser .
0	a deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
0	full of surprises .
1	it should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . so i just did .
1	soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
1	the comedy death to smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
1	adam sandler's 8 crazy nights is 75 wasted minutes of sandler as the voice-over hero in columbia pictures' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
1	diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
0	baran isn't the most transporting or gripping film from iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
1	the only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
1	purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
0	it's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
1	a glossy knock-off of a b-movie revenge flick .
0	young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
0	underachieves only in not taking the shakespeare parallels quite far enough .
0	feature debuter d . j . caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter tony gayton's narcotics noir to life .
1	a tedious parable about honesty and good sportsmanship .
0	there's none of the happily-ever -after spangle of monsoon wedding in late marriage -- and that's part of what makes dover kosashvili's outstanding feature debut so potent .
0	if we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like tim mccann's revolution no . 9 .
0	has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of b-movie excitement .
1	it's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like punch-drunk love .
1	the plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
1	a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
1	writhing under dialogue like 'you're from two different worlds' and 'tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
1	it's crap on a leash--far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of joe dante's similarly styled gremlins .
0	13 conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , karen sprecher , don't seem ever to run out of ideas .
0	perhaps the best sports movie i've ever seen .
0	[d]oesn't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
0	a drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
0	a strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
1	do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
0	it's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
0	a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .
1	an infuriating film . just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
1	it's a bad action movie because there's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
0	i just saw this movie . . . well , it's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
0	a wildly funny prison caper .
0	maryam is more timely now than ever .
0	another love story in 2002's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
1	mandel holland's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by phifer and black are ultimately winning . you'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
1	paul bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
0	the film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
1	it almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
0	creeps you out in high style , even if nakata did it better .
0	the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic .
0	what makes salton sea surprisingly engrossing is that caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
0	a coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichs and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
0	as the two leads , lathan and diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
1	blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
1	personal velocity ought to be exploring these women's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .
1	roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
1	a baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
0	now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
0	poignant and funny .
1	no one involved , save dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director abdul malik abbott and ernest 'tron' anderson , seems entirely improvised .
1	feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime . . . and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
0	good ol' urban legend stuff .
0	the series' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls' amusing personalities .
0	a muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any scorsese has ever given us .
0	scooby doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
1	prurient playthings aside , there's little to love about this english trifle .
0	at about 95 minutes , treasure planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . however , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with stevenson's tale as well as with earlier disney efforts .
0	a charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
1	i found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
1	ben affleck as jack ryan , tom clancy's intrepid hero ? ridiculous . what's next ? d . j . qualls as indiana jones ? or tom green as han solo ?
0	an original gem about an obsession with time .
1	doesn't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
1	on top of a foundering performance , [madonna's] denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
0	others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that 'the urge to destroy is also a creative urge' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find morrison's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
1	as an actor , the rock is aptly named .
0	this comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
1	in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
0	the actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
1	the movie's heavy-handed screenplay navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
1	it's not just the vampires that are damned in queen of the damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
1	an extraordinarily silly thriller .
1	both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
0	frida isn't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
1	fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
1	the material and the production itself are little more than routine .
0	were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about cal than does the movie or the character any good , freundlich's world traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising american movies of the year .
0	one of the funnier movies in town .
0	. . . a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
1	it stars schticky chris rock and stolid anthony hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it's just a weird fizzle .
0	the sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . a powerful performance from mel gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an m-16 .
0	fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we're seeing something purer than the real thing .
1	looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
0	cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
0	no worse a film than breaking out , and breaking out was utterly charming .
0	cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark's dogma movement .
1	brady achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors . . . by shoving them into every clichd white-trash situation imaginable .
0	a delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , mostly martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
0	a sexy , surprising romance . . . idemoto and kim make a gorgeous pair . . . their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
1	i'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , i don't see the point . it's a visual rorschach test and i must have failed .
0	a highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
0	compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
1	" one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? " um . . isn't that the basis for the entire plot ?
0	topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
1	looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
0	my big fat greek wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
0	it may not be " last tango in paris " but . . .
1	interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of carmen
1	this is not one of the movies you'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
0	it gives devastating testimony to both people's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
1	the art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual dvd release will offer subtitles and the original italian-language soundtrack .
1	however it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
1	the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups don't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
0	visually fascinating . . . an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
0	elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
1	jacquot's rendering of puccini's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . in his first stab at the form , jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
0	just as the recent argentine film son of the bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , time of favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
0	the way coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
0	even the digressions are funny .
1	even the finest chef can't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and robert de niro can't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
0	the film sometimes flags . . . but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .
1	the entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
1	the fact that the 'best part' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of demme's good films doesn't bode well for the rest of it .
1	it's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
1	it's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
1	to the civilized mind , a movie like ballistic : ecks vs . sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
0	in all fairness , i must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
0	a beautifully observed character piece .
0	lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial disney boy movie .
1	[morgan] , judd and franklin can't save the script , rooted in a novel by joseph finder , from some opportunism .
1	an awkward hybrid of genres that just doesn't work .
1	what ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between americans and brits .
0	a terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
1	este  apenas mais um ( longo ) episdio do programa da mtv . a nica diferena  que , desta vez , a paramount teve o mau gosto de exibi-lo nos cinemas .
0	only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : anthony . hopkins .
0	begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
0	we've seen it all before in one form or another , but director hoffman , with great help from kevin kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world's greatest teacher .
0	a gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
0	it's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
1	enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre . the performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
0	a gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
1	patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
1	there's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
0	directors brett morgen and nanette burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
0	a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
0	as warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
0	red dragon is less baroque and showy than hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than silence . but , like silence , it's a movie that gets under your skin .
0	for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
1	the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
0	the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose .
0	against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
0	the cast comes through even when the movie doesn't .
1	the director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in [the characters'] misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
1	has not so much been written as assembled , frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups .
0	it's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . but what spectacular sizzle it is ! . . . in this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
0	one of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
1	supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
0	worth watching for dong jie's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
1	the sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .
0	the viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
1	[t]hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the stepford wives mentality doesn't work in a modern context .
0	wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
1	no movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
1	this miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing flatbush machismo will get it through .
1	several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in " unfaithful . " why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
1	i'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
0	this rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you hadn't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
1	calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it's more like entertainment for trolls .
1	it's a long way from orwell's dark , intelligent warning cry [1984] to the empty stud knockabout of equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
1	gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid . . . a curiously constricted epic .
1	on its own , it's not very interesting . as a remake , it's a pale imitation .
0	dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
1	it's depressing to see how far herzog has fallen .
1	a ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking .
1	focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device .
1	its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who hasn't been living under a rock ( since sept . 11 ) .
0	a graceful , moving tribute to the courage of new york's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
0	if it's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
1	the movie is a mess from start to finish .
0	by its modest , straight-ahead standards , undisputed scores a direct hit .
1	because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , 'swimfan' left me with a very bad feeling .
0	maguire is a surprisingly effective peter/spider-man .
0	the transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
0	a breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
0	a playful iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
1	the film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
0	you wouldn't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
0	an involving true story of a chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution--acted mostly by the actual people involved .
0	call me a wimp , but i cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
1	it's better than the phantom menace . but unless you're an absolute raving star wars junkie , it isn't much fun .
1	with virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , chelsea walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
1	. . . hypnotically dull .
0	this is a very funny , heartwarming film . it has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
0	there's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
0	although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
1	maybe it's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul " full frontal " seems , well , contrived .
1	a gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
1	a kilted jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
1	the movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
0	a no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
1	the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .
0	an undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
0	a savage john waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .
1	its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , steven soderbergh's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
1	[t]here's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , anne rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
0	this is not an easy film . but it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
0	using an endearing cast , writer/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
0	for the most part stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
1	so earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .
0	if you're burnt out on it's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you're looking for . it depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .
1	warmed-over tarantino by way of wannabe elmore leonard .
1	the armenian genocide deserves a more engaged and honest treatment .
0	director andrew niccol . . . demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . his healthy sense of satire is light and fun . . . .
1	nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
1	it is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
0	the enjoyable undercover brother , a zany mix of saturday night live-style parody , '70s blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
0	though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
1	confirms the nagging suspicion that ethan hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
1	spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
1	the movie's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
1	the script isn't very good ; not even someone as gifted as hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
1	pryor lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
1	not exactly the bees knees
1	hart's war seems to want to be a character study , but apparently can't quite decide which character .
1	depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it's being .
0	an utterly compelling 'who wrote it' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
0	the ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
1	a dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the animal planet documentary series , crocodile hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
1	its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
0	the production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
1	malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . but the movie's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
0	easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
1	the film's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes . . . drag the movie down .
1	dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .
1	. . . think of it as american pie on valium .
0	a charming , banter-filled comedy . . . one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
1	serving sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
0	nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
1	exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as kerrigan's platinum-blonde hair .
0	the movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , rocky-like moments . . . but it's such a warm and charming package that you'll feel too happy to argue much .
0	mr . spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . and they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
1	the effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it's hardly watchable .
0	the two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
1	demme's loose approach kills the suspense .
0	compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , runteldat is something of a triumph .
1	aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
1	rarely has a film's title served such dire warning .
0	demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
1	an extremely unpleasant film .
0	the modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
1	a dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours . . . a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
1	it's a movie forged in the fires of chick flick hell .
1	[a] mess .
1	has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together .
1	as the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , [franco] has all of dean's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
1	a preposterous , prurient whodunit .
1	it is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
0	what saves it . . . and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist alice .
1	irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
0	. . . works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
1	like a fish that's lived too long , austin powers in goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
0	this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i'd expected it to be .
0	[moore's] better at fingering problems than finding solutions . but though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
1	it's sort of a 21st century morality play with a latino hip hop beat . but the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
1	a crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright craig lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his prelude to a kiss .
1	kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
1	i know we're not supposed to take it seriously , but i can't shake the thought that undercover brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary .
0	tells a fascinating , compelling story .
0	those of you who don't believe in santa claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
1	director clare kilner's debut is never as daft as it should have been .
0	'easily my choice for one of the year's best films . '
0	a movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
0	the date movie that franz kafka would have made .
1	a feel-good movie that doesn't give you enough to feel good about .
1	too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
0	as well-acted and well-intentioned as all or nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
0	the imax screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
1	a little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , monsoon wedding serves mostly to whet one's appetite for the bollywood films .
0	the band's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
1	a frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that doesn't exactly favour the audience .
0	the attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
1	the filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
1	the film's maudlin focus on the young woman's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of hollywood heart-string plucking .
1	an entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
0	i love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
0	here , adrian lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
0	not only does spider-man deliver , but i suspect it might deliver again and again .
0	gooding is the energetic frontman , and it's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
1	barry sonnenfeld owes frank the pug big time
0	invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
1	a tough go , but leigh's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film's often-mined and despairing milieu .
0	it turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
1	mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
0	what better message than 'love thyself' could young women of any size receive ?
1	horrible
1	sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the wwii-era mississippi delta undermine this adaptation .
0	a creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man . . . about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
0	not everything works , but the average is higher than in mary and most other recent comedies .
0	one of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you didn't know was being taken .
1	it shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there's a little girl-on-girl action .
1	if anything , see it for karen black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named dirty dick .
0	. . . has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . it's a sly wink to the others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its " men in a sardine can " warped logic .
0	a documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
1	the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
0	what could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale  as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
1	the most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
1	the only time 8 crazy nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target is during the offbeat musical numbers .
1	each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .
1	while [hill] has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
0	whether kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
1	thoroughly awful .
0	jolting into charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? who cares ? ) .
0	sure , it's more of the same , but as the film proves , that's not always a bad thing .
0	what eric schaeffer has accomplished with never again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . but it's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
1	debut effort by " project greenlight " winner is sappy and amateurish .
1	before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
0	the storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of gosford park have come to assume is just another day of brit cinema .
0	performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving .
1	at its best , queen is campy fun like the vincent price horror classics of the '60s . at its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
0	the way home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and . . . often misconstrued as weakness .
1	" roger michell ( " notting hill " ) directs a morality thriller . "
0	it sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
0	reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it's still pretty tasty .
1	human nature , in short , isn't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
0	a brutally dry satire of middle american numbness .
0	the last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . mr . koshashvili is a director to watch .
0	the quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by rachel griffiths .
0	the lady and the duke is eric rohmer's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
0	mnch's genuine insight makes the film's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
1	this dubious product of a college-spawned ( colgate u . ) comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .
1	director kevin bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the " miami vice " checklist of power boats , latin music and dog tracks . he doesn't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show's trademark style and flash .
0	thumbs up to paxton for not falling into the hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
1	barely goes beyond comic book status .
1	too ordinary to restore [harmon] to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
0	if there's no art here , it's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
1	[davis] wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
0	a marvelous performance by allison lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
0	this is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its freud and knows its sade .
0	if borstal boy isn't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
0	the performances are remarkable .
1	portentous and pretentious , the weight of water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
1	a pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between xxx and vertical limit .
1	as happily glib and vicious as its characters .
1	an unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
1	like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , john q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
0	inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners .
0	this boisterous comedy serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
1	an awful lot like one of [spears'] music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
0	contrived as this may sound , mr . rose's updating works surprisingly well .
1	the plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television- caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
1	the whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
1	i didn't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
1	ong chooses to present ah na's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character's blank-faced optimism .
0	davis' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
0	there's plenty to impress about e . t .
0	a brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .
0	writer/ director m . night shyamalan's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
1	a particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
1	beware the quirky brit-com . they can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
1	like a medium-grade network sitcom--mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
1	'ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
1	'a' for creativity but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
1	the sum of all fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there's something cringe-inducing about seeing an american football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
0	shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
1	kenneth branagh's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly british playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in los angeles .
1	the premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
0	insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it doesn't disgrace it , either .
1	at 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
1	for single digits kidlets stuart little 2 is still a no brainer . if you're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you'll need a stronger stomach than us .
0	it's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
1	appropriately cynical social commentary aside , #9 never quite ignites .
1	a movie that harps on media-constructed 'issues' like whether compromise is the death of self this orgasm [won't be an] exceedingly memorable one for most people .
1	for a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , what to do in case of fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
1	the leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
0	i'd be lying if i said my ribcage didn't ache by the end of kung pow .
1	the film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
1	there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . and that should tell you everything you need to know about all the queen's men .
1	the problem is not that it's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . the problem is that van wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
1	don't let your festive spirit go this far .
0	at 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
0	dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .
1	a minor-league soccer remake of the longest yard .
1	twenty years later , reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task .
0	very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
1	more busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
